<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.44
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v013307_ex10-44.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.44

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

            EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT  dated as of the first day of January 2005, by
and between VITAL LIVING,  INC., a Nevada corporation  ("Employer"),  and STUART
BENSON ("Employee").

            WHEREAS,  Employer  desires  to  continue  to employ  Employee,  and
Employee  desires  to  accept  such  continued  employment,  upon the  terms and
conditions contained herein.

            NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and of the mutual
covenants set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

      1. EMPLOYMENT.

            Employer hereby employs  Employee,  and Employee hereby accepts such
employment,  as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and in such
other  capacities  and for such other  duties and services as shall from time to
time be mutually agreed upon by Employer and Employee.

      2. FULL TIME OCCUPATION.

            Employee shall devote  Employee's  entire business time,  attention,
and efforts to the performance of Employee's duties under this Agreement,  shall
serve  Employer  faithfully  and  diligently,  and shall not engage in any other
employment while employed by Employer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Employee
may  volunteer  his time and sit on boards of various  charitable  organizations
from time to time at Employee's sole discretion.

      3. COMPENSATION AND OTHER BENEFITS.

            (a)  SALARY.  Employer  shall pay to  Employee,  a base salary at an
annual rate of $220,000 during the period from January 1, 2005 through  December
31, 2005,  $250,000 during the period from January 1, 2006 through  December 31,
2006,  and $280,000  commencing  on January 1, 2007 to be paid in equal  monthly
installments,  or in such other  periodic  installments  upon which Employer and
Employee shall mutually agree.

            (b) BONUS.  Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus in
such an amount,  if any, to be  determined by the Board of Directors of Employer
or such committee of the Board of Directors as may be designated by the Board of
Directors  based  upon such  factors as may be deemed  relevant  by the Board of
Directors or committee thereof, including the performance of Employee.

            (c) STOCK  OPTIONS AND AWARDS.  As of the date of  execution of this
Agreement, and subject to approval of Employer's stockholders at its 2005 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, Employee shall be granted five-year non-qualified stock
options  under  Employer's  Stock  Option Plan to purchase a total of  3,000,000
shares of Employer's  Common Stock at a price equal to the closing price of such
shares  on the date of  grant,  such  options  to vest  one-third  on the  first
anniversary of the grant,  one-third on the second anniversary of the grant, and
one-third on the third anniversary of the grant.

<PAGE>

            (d) FRINGE  BENEFITS.  Employee  shall be entitled to participate in
any group insurance, hospital, medical, dental, accident,  disability,  pension,
retirement,  vacation,  expense  reimbursement,  and other plans,  programs,  or
benefits  approved by the Board of Directors or a duly constituted  committee of
the  Board  of  Directors  and made  available  from  time to time to  executive
employees  of  Employer  generally  during  the  term of  Employee's  employment
hereunder.  The foregoing  shall not obligate  Employer to adopt or maintain any
particular plan, program, or benefit.

            (e) CAR  ALLOWANCE.  Employee shall be entitled to receive a monthly
car allowance of $1,200.

            (f)  VACATION.  Employee  shall  be  entitled  to paid  vacation  in
accordance with Employer's vacation policy for executive officers.

            (g) REIMBURSEMENT.  Employer shall reimburse Employee for all travel
and  entertainment  expenses and other ordinary and necessary  business expenses
incurred by Employee in connection  with the business of Employer and Employee's
duties under this Agreement.  The term "business expenses" shall not include any
item not  deductible  in whole or in part by  Employer  for  federal  income tax
purposes. To obtain  reimbursement,  Employee shall submit to Employer receipts,
bills or sales slips for the expenses incurred.  Reimbursements shall be made by
Employer  monthly within 10 days of  presentation by Employee of evidence of the
expenses incurred.

            (h)  LIFE  INSURANCE   POLICIES.   During  the  term  of  Employee's
employment pursuant to this Agreement,  Employer shall pay premiums for two life
insurance  policies on the life of Employee,  one of which  policies  shall name
Employer as the  beneficiary and one of which policies shall name as beneficiary
a person or  entity to be  designated  from time to time by  Employee.  The face
amount of the policy naming Employer as the beneficiary shall be $1,000,000, and
the face  amount of the policy  naming as  beneficiary  a person or entity to be
designated by Employee shall be $500,000.

            (i)  DISABILITY  POLICY.  During the term of  Employee's  employment
under this  Agreement,  Employer  shall  reimburse  Employee  for  premiums on a
disability  policy  providing  for coverage at a rate equal to 50% of Employee's
base salary in effect from time to time under this Agreement.

      4. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT.

            (a)  EMPLOYMENT  TERM.  The  term of this  Agreement  shall be for a
period of three  years  commencing  as of the date  hereof and from year to year
thereafter, unless and until terminated by either party giving written notice to
the other not less than 60 days prior to the end of the then-current term.

            (b)  TERMINATION   UNDER  CERTAIN   CIRCUMSTANCES.   Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein contained:

                  (i)  DEATH.   Employee's  employment  shall  be  automatically
terminated, without notice, effective upon the date of Employee's death.


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (ii) DISABILITY.  If Employee shall fail, for a period of more
than 90 consecutive  days, or for 90 days within any 180 day period,  to perform
Employee's  duties  under  this  Agreement  as the  result of  illness  or other
incapacity,  Employer may, at its option and upon notice to Employee,  terminate
Employee's employment effective on the date of that notice.

                  (iii)  UNILATERAL  DECISION OF EMPLOYER.  Employer may, at its
option, upon notice to Employee,  terminate  Employee's  employment effective on
the date of that notice.

                  (iv)  UNILATERAL  DECISION BY EMPLOYEE.  Employee  may, at his
option and upon notice to Employer, terminate Employee's employment effective on
the date of that notice.

                  (v) CERTAIN ACTS. If Employee is found by a court of competent
jurisdiction  to  have  engaged  in an act  or  acts,  in  connection  with  his
employment pursuant to this Agreement or his service as a member of the Board of
Directors of Employer, involving a crime, moral turpitude, fraud, or dishonesty,
Employer  may,  at its option and upon  written  notice to  Employee,  terminate
Employee's employment effective on the date of that notice.

                  (vi) GOOD REASON.  Employee may, at Employee's option and upon
written notice to Employer specifying the reasons therefor, terminate Employee's
employment  effective on the date of that notice,  for Good Reason. For purposes
of this  Agreement,  "Good  Reason" shall mean and include each of the following
(unless Employee has expressly  agreed to such event in a signed  writing):  (1)
the demotion of Employee by Employer,  which shall be considered  (a) an adverse
change in  Employee's  title,  office,  or authority as in effect on the date of
this Agreement;  or (b) a reduction by Employer in Employee's salary pursuant to
Section 3(a) of this  Agreement;  or (2) a requirement by Employer that Employee
relocate outside Maricopa County, Arizona.

                  (vii) CHANGE IN CONTROL.  Employee may, at  Employee's  option
and upon notice to Employer,  terminate  Employee's  employment effective on the
date of the notice in the event of a "Change of Control" of Employer, as defined
below.

            (c)  RESULT  OF  TERMINATION.  In the  event of the  termination  of
Employee's  employment  pursuant to Sections  4(b)(i) or (ii) above,  Employee's
estate or  Employee,  as the case may be, shall be entitled to receive an amount
equal to  Employee's  fixed salary as provided in Section 3(a) above for 90 days
after such termination. In the event of the termination of Employee's employment
pursuant to Section 4(b)(iii) or (vi) above,  Employee shall receive,  within 10
days after the termination of employment,  Employee's fixed compensation for the
remainder of the employment term set forth in Section 4(a) of this Agreement. In
the event of the  termination  of Employee  pursuant to Section  4(b)(iv) or (v)
above,  Employee shall receive no further compensation under this Agreement.  In
the event of termination of Employee's  employment pursuant to Section 4(b)(vii)
above,  Employer  shall pay  Employee  his fixed  salary  for the  longer of the
remainder of the employment  term set forth in Section 4(a) of this Agreement or
a period of 18 months after such  termination,  any unpaid fringe benefits,  and
such bonus as may have been earned prior to the Change in Control, all within 10
days after the termination of employment.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            (d) CHANGE IN  CONTROL.  The term  "Change in  Control"  of Employer
shall mean a change in control of a nature that would be required to be reported
in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 as in effect on the date of this  Agreement or,
if Item 6(e) is no longer in effect,  any  regulations  issued by the Securities
and Exchange  Commission  pursuant to the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 which
serve similar  purposes;  provided that,  without  limitation,  such a Change in
Control  shall be deemed to have  occurred  if and when (i) any  person (as such
term is used in Sections  13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934)  becomes  the  "beneficial  owner" (as  defined  in Rule  13d-3  under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934) directly or indirectly of equity securities of
Employer  representing  20  percent  or more of the  combined  voting  power  of
Employer's then-outstanding equity securities,  except that this provision shall
not apply to an  acquisition  which has been  approved by at least 75 percent of
the members of the Board of Directors  who are not  affiliates  or associates of
such person and by at least 80 percent of the issued and  outstanding  shares of
Employer's  Common Stock  beneficially  owned by  non-affiliates of such person;
(ii) during the period of this Agreement,  individuals  who, at the beginning of
such  period,  constituted  the Board of Directors  of Employer  (the  "Original
Directors"),  cease for any reason to  constitute  at least a  majority  thereof
unless the election or nomination for election of each new director was approved
(an  "Approved  Director")  by  the  unanimous  vote  of a  Board  of  Directors
constituted  entirely of Existing Directors and/or Approved  Directors;  (iii) a
tender  offer or exchange  offer is made  whereby the effect of such offer is to
take over and control  Employer,  and such offer is  consummated  for the equity
securities of Employer  representing  20 percent or more of the combined  voting
power of Employer's then-outstanding voting securities; (iv) Employer is merged,
consolidated,  or enters into a  reorganization  transaction with another person
and, as the result of such merger, consolidation,  or reorganization,  less than
75 percent of the  outstanding  equity  securities of the surviving or resulting
person  shall  then be owned in the  aggregate  by the  former  stockholders  of
Employer;  or (v) Employer transfers  substantially all of its assets to another
person or entity that is not a wholly owned  subsidiary  of  Employer.  Sales of
Employer's Common Stock  beneficially  owned or controlled by Employee shall not
be considered in determining whether a Change in Control has occurred.

      5. COMPETITION AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

            (a) INTERESTS TO BE PROTECTED. The parties acknowledge that Employee
will  perform  essential   services  for  Employer,   its  employees,   and  its
stockholders  during the term of Employee's  employment with Employer.  Employee
will be exposed  to,  have access to, and work with,  a  considerable  amount of
Confidential   Information  (as  defined  below).  The  parties  also  expressly
recognize and  acknowledge  that the personnel of Employer have been trained by,
and  are  valuable  to,  Employer  and  that  Employer  will  incur  substantial
recruiting and training  expenses if Employer must hire new personnel or retrain
existing  personnel to fill vacancies.  The parties expressly  recognize that it
could  seriously  impair  the  goodwill  and  diminish  the value of  Employer's
business should  Employee  compete with Employer in any manner  whatsoever.  The
parties acknowledge that this covenant has an extended duration;  however,  they
agree that this covenant is reasonable and it is necessary for the protection of
Employer, its stockholders,  and employees. For these and other reasons, and the
fact that there are many other employment opportunities available to Employee if
he  should  terminate  his  employment,  the  parties  are in full and  complete
agreement that the following  restrictive  covenants are fair and reasonable and
are entered into freely, voluntarily, and knowingly. Furthermore, each party was
given the opportunity to consult with independent  legal counsel before entering
into this Agreement.


                                       4
<PAGE>

            (b) NON-COMPETITION.  During the term of Employee's  employment with
Employer and for the period ending 18 months after the termination of Employee's
employment with Employer,  regardless of the reason therefor, Employee shall not
(whether  directly  or  indirectly,  as owner,  principal,  agent,  stockholder,
director,  officer, manager,  employee,  partner,  participant,  or in any other
capacity) engage or become  financially  interested in any competitive  business
conducted  within the Restricted  Territory (as defined below).  As used herein,
the term  "competitive  business" shall mean any business that sells or provides
or attempts to sell or provide products or services the same as or substantially
similar  to the  products  or  services  sold or  provided  by  Employer  during
Employee's employment hereunder,  and the term "Restricted Territory" shall mean
any  state  in  which  Employer  sells  products  or  provides  services  during
Employee's employment hereunder.

            (c)  NON-SOLICITATION  OF  EMPLOYEES.  During the term of Employee's
employment  and for a period of 18 months after the  termination  of  Employee's
employment with Employee,  regardless of the reason therefor, Employee shall not
directly or indirectly,  for himself,  or on behalf of, or in conjunction  with,
any other person,  company,  partnership,  corporation,  or governmental entity,
seek to hire or hire any of Employer's personnel or employees for the purpose of
having any such  employee  engage in services that are the same as or similar or
related to the services that such employee provided for Employer.

            (d)  CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION.  Employee  shall  maintain in strict
secrecy all confidential or trade secret information relating to the business of
Employer (the "Confidential  Information") obtained by Employee in the course of
Employee's  employment,  and  Employee  shall not,  unless first  authorized  in
writing  by  Employer,  disclose  to, or use for  Employee's  benefit or for the
benefit of, any person,  firm, or entity at any time either during or subsequent
to the term of Employee's employment,  any Confidential  Information,  except as
required in the  performance  of  Employee's  duties on behalf of Employer.  For
purposes hereof,  Confidential  Information shall include without limitation any
materials, trade secrets,  knowledge, or information with respect to management,
operational,  or  investment  policies and  practices of Employer;  any business
methods or forms;  any names or  addresses  of customers or data on customers or
suppliers; and any business policies or other information relating to or dealing
with the  management,  operational,  or  investment  policies  or  practices  of
Employer.

            (e) RETURN OF BOOKS AND PAPERS.  Upon the  termination of Employee's
employment  with Employer for any reason,  Employee  shall  deliver  promptly to
Employer all files, lists, books, records,  manuals,  memoranda,  drawings,  and
specifications;  all cost, pricing,  and other financial data; all other written
or printed materials that are the property of Employer (and any copies of them);
and all other materials that may contain  Confidential  Information  relating to
the business of Employer, which Employee may then have in Employee's possession,
whether prepared by Employee or not.

            (f) DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.  Employee shall disclose  promptly to
Employer,  or  its  nominee,  any  and  all  ideas,  designs,   processes,   and
improvements  of  any  kind  relating  to  the  business  of  Employer,  whether
patentable or not,  conceived or made by Employee,  either alone or jointly with
others,  during  working  hours  or  otherwise,  during  the  entire  period  of
Employee's employment with Employer or within six months thereafter.


                                       5
<PAGE>

            (g) ASSIGNMENT.  Employee hereby assigns to Employer or its nominee,
the entire right, title, and interest in and to all inventions, discoveries, and
improvements,  whether  patentable  or not,  that  Employee may conceive or make
during Employee's employment with Employer, or within six months thereafter, and
which relate to the business of Employer.

            (h)  EQUITABLE  RELIEF.  In  the  event  a  violation  of any of the
restrictions  contained  in this  Section  is  established,  Employer  shall  be
entitled to preliminary and permanent  injunctive  relief as well as damages and
an equitable  accounting of all earnings,  profits,  and other benefits  arising
from such  violation,  which  right shall be  cumulative  and in addition to any
other rights or remedies to which  Employer  may be entitled.  In the event of a
violation of any provision of subsection  (b), (c), (f), or (g) of this Section,
the period for which those  provisions  would remain in effect shall be extended
for a  period  of time  equal  to that  period  beginning  when  such  violation
commenced and ending when the activities  constituting such violation shall have
been finally terminated in good faith.

            (i)  RESTRICTIONS  SEPARABLE.  If the scope of any provision of this
Agreement (whether in this Section 5 or otherwise) is found by a Court to be too
broad to permit  enforcement to its full extent,  then such  provision  shall be
enforced to the maximum  extent  permitted  by law.  The parties  agree that the
scope of any  provision  of this  Agreement  may be  modified  by a judge in any
proceeding to enforce this Agreement,  so that such provision can be enforced to
the maximum  extent  permitted by law. Each and every  restriction  set forth in
this  Section  5 is  independent  and  severable  from the  others,  and no such
restriction shall be rendered  unenforceable by virtue of the fact that, for any
reason, any other or others of them may be unenforceable in whole or in part.

      6. MISCELLANEOUS.

            (a)   NOTICES.   All   notices,   requests,   demands,   and   other
communications  required or permitted  under this Agreement  shall be in writing
and  shall be  deemed  to have  been  duly  given,  made,  and  received  (i) if
personally delivered,  on the date of delivery, (ii) if mailed, three days after
deposit in the United  States mail,  registered  or  certified,  return  receipt
requested,  postage  prepaid,  and addressed as provided below, or (iii) if by a
courier delivery service providing overnight or "next-day" delivery, on the next
business day after deposit with such service addressed as follows:

                        (1)   If to Employer:

                              Vital Living, Inc.
                              Attention: Board of Directors
                              5080 North 40th Street, Suite 105
                              Phoenix, Arizona 85018


                                       6
<PAGE>

                              with a copy given in the manner
                              prescribed above, to:

                              Greenberg Traurig, LLP
                              2375 East Camelback Road
                              Suite 700
                              Phoenix, Arizona 85016
                              Attention: Robert S. Kant, Esq.


                        (2)   If to  Employee,  to the  address set forth in the
                              records of Employee.

Either party may alter the address to which  communications  or copies are to be
sent by  giving  notice  of such  change  of  address  in  conformity  with  the
provisions of this Section 6 for the giving of notice.

            (b) INDULGENCES;  WAIVERS.  Neither any failure nor any delay on the
part of either party to exercise any right,  remedy,  power,  or privilege under
this  Agreement  shall  operate  as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any  single or
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege preclude any other or
further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege,
nor shall any waiver of any right,  remedy,  power, or privilege with respect to
any  occurrence  be  construed  as a waiver of such  right,  remedy,  power,  or
privilege  with  respect  to any other  occurrence.  No waiver  shall be binding
unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver.

            (c)  CONTROLLING  LAW. This Agreement and all questions  relating to
its validity, interpretation,  performance and enforcement, shall be governed by
and   construed  in   accordance   with  the  laws  of  the  state  of  Arizona,
notwithstanding  any  Arizona or other  conflict-of-interest  provisions  to the
contrary.

            (d) BINDING  NATURE OF AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement  shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective  heirs,
personal  representatives,  successors,  and  assigns,  except that no party may
assign or transfer  such  party's  rights or  obligations  under this  Agreement
without the prior written consent of the other party.

            (e) EXECUTION IN COUNTERPART.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of  counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed  to be an  original  as
against  any party  whose  signature  appears  thereon,  and all of which  shall
together  constitute one and the same  instrument.  This Agreement  shall become
binding when one or more  counterparts  hereof,  individually or taken together,
shall bear the signatures of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories.

            (f)  PROVISIONS  SEPARABLE.  The  provisions  of this  Agreement are
independent of and separable from each other, and no provision shall be affected
or rendered  invalid or  unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason
any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part.


                                       7
<PAGE>

            (g)  ENTIRE   AGREEMENT.   This   Agreement   contains   the  entire
understanding  between the parties  hereto  with  respect to the subject  matter
hereof   and   supersedes   all  prior  and   contemporaneous   agreements   and
understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written,
except as herein  contained.  The express terms hereof control and supersede any
course of  performance  and/or usage of the trade  inconsistent  with any of the
terms  hereof.  This  Agreement  may not be modified or amended other than by an
agreement in writing.

            (h) PARAGRAPH HEADINGS. The paragraph headings in this Agreement are
for  convenience  only; they form no part of this Agreement and shall not affect
its interpretation.

            (i) GENDER.  Words used herein,  regardless of the number and gender
specifically  used,  shall be deemed and  construed to include any other number,
singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine, or neuter, as the
context requires.

            (j) NUMBER OF DAYS.  In computing the number of days for purposes of
this Agreement,  all days shall be counted,  including  Saturdays,  Sundays, and
holidays; provided, however, that if the final day of any time period falls on a
Saturday,  Sunday, or holiday, then the final day shall be deemed to be the next
day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday.

      7. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.

            This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
successors  and  assigns  of the  parties  hereto;  provided  that  because  the
obligations of Employee  hereunder involve the performance of personal services,
such  obligations  shall not be  delegated  by  Employee.  For  purposes of this
Agreement  successors  and  assigns  shall  include,  but not be limited to, any
individual,  corporation,  trust,  partnership,  or other entity that acquires a
majority  of the stock or assets of  Employer  by sale,  merger,  consolidation,
liquidation,  or other form of transfer.  Employer  will  require any  successor
(whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger,  consolidation,  or otherwise)
to all or  substantially  all of the  business  and/or  assets  of  Employer  to
expressly  assume and agree to perform this  Agreement in the same manner and to
the same  extent  that  Employer  would be  required  to  perform  it if no such
succession had taken place.  Without limiting the foregoing,  unless the context
otherwise requires, the term "Employer" includes all subsidiaries of Employer.

            IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the date first above written.

                                       VITAL LIVING, INC.


                                       By: /s/ Donald C. Hannah
                                          --------------------------------------
                                           Chairman of the Board, Member of the
                                           Compensation Committee of the Board
                                           of Directors


                                       /s/ Stuart Benson
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Stuart Benson


                                       8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
