<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v06571ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                     Between

                      VITAL LIVING, INC. ("TARGET COMPANY")
                                       and

                          LANGLEY PARK INVESTMENTS PLC

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               __________ __, 2004

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                 <C>                                                                                           <C>
ARTICLE I           CERTAIN DEFINITIONS...........................................................................4
         1.1      Certain Definitions.............................................................................4

ARTICLE II          PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES...................................................................4
         2.1      Purchase and Sale; Purchase Price...............................................................4
         2.2      Execution and Delivery of Documents; The Closing................................................4

ARTICLE III          REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............................................................5
         3.1      Representations, Warranties and Agreements of the Target Company................................5
         3.2      Representations and Warranties of Langley.......................................................8

ARTICLE IV          OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES..............................................................13
         4.1      Manner of Offering.............................................................................13
         4.2      Notice of Certain Events.......................................................................13
         4.3      Blue Sky Laws..................................................................................13
         4.4      Integration....................................................................................13
         4.5      Furnishing of Rule 144(c) Materials............................................................13
         4.6      Solicitation Materials.........................................................................14
         4.7      Listing of Common Stock........................................................................14
         4.8      Indemnification................................................................................14
         4.9      Sale of Langley Shares.........................................................................16
         4.10     Lock Up by Langley.............................................................................16
         4.11     Additional Stock Purchase Agreements...........................................................16

ARTICLE V         MISCELLANEOUS..................................................................................16
         5.1      Fees and Expenses..............................................................................16
         5.2      Entire Agreement...............................................................................17
         5.3      Notices........................................................................................17
         5.4      Amendments; Waivers............................................................................18
         5.5      Headings.......................................................................................18
         5.6      Successors and Assigns.........................................................................18
         5.7      No Third Party Beneficiaries...................................................................18
         5.8      Governing Law; Venue; Service of Process.......................................................18
         5.9      Survival.......................................................................................18
         5.10     Counterpart Signatures.........................................................................18
         5.11     Publicity......................................................................................19
         5.12     Severability...................................................................................19
         5.13     Limitation of Remedies.........................................................................19
</TABLE>


                                       2
<PAGE>


LIST OF SCHEDULES:

Schedule 3.1(a)      Subsidiaries
Schedule 3.1(c)      Capitalization and Registration Rights
Schedule 3.1(d)      Equity and Equity Equivalent Securities
Schedule 3.1(e)      Conflicts
Schedule 3.1(f)      Consents and Approvals
Schedule 3.1(g)      Litigation
Schedule 3.1(h)      Defaults and Violations


LIST OF EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A         Escrow Agreement
Exhibit B         Officer's Certificate



                                       3
<PAGE>


      THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into
as of __, 2004, between Vital Living, Inc., a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Nevada (the "Target Company"), and Langley Park
Investments PLC, a corporation organized under the laws of England and Wales
with its offices at 30 Farringdon Street, London EC4A 4HJ ( "Langley").

      WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
the Target Company desires to issue and sell to Langley and Langley desires to
acquire from the Target Company the shares of the Target Company's common stock,
par value $.001 (the "Common Stock") for the Total Purchase Price set forth in
Section 2.1(b) below. The consideration to be paid by Langley for the Common
Stock shall be subject to certain downside price protection (the "Downside Price
Protection") provided in Section 2 of the Escrow Agreement.

      IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, the
Target Company and Langley agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                               CERTAIN DEFINITIONS


      1.1 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, and unless the context
requires a different meaning, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

      "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any Person, partner,
officer or director of such Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with such Person. For the purposes of
this definition, "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the terms
"controlled by" and "under common control with") shall mean the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities or by contract or otherwise.

      "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph
of this Agreement.

      "Business Day" means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which shall
be a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New
York are authorized or required by law or other government actions to close.

      "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a) hereof.

      "Closing Bid Price" shall mean the closing bid price for a share of Common
Stock on such date on the Nasdaq, OTCBB or Pink Sheets, LLC, as the case may be
(or such other exchange, market, or other system that the Common Stock is then
traded on), as reported on Bloomberg, L.P. (or similar organization or agency
succeeding to its functions of reporting prices) or if the Common Stock is no
longer publicly traded, the fair market value of a share of the Common Stock as
determined by an appraiser selected in good faith by Langley and the Target
Company.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      "Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a) hereof.

      "Closing Price" shall be the Closing Bid Price on the day of Closing.

      "Common Stock" shall have the meaning in the recital.

      "Consideration Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)
hereof.

      "Control Person" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(a)
hereof.

      "Disclosure Documents" means the Target Company's reports filed under the
Exchange Act with the SEC since July 1, 2003.

      "Downside Price Protection" shall have the meaning in the recital.

      "Escrow Agent" means Gottbetter & Partners, LLP, 488 Madison Avenue, 12
Floor, New York, NY 10022; Tel: 212-400-6900; Fax: 212-400-6901.

      "Escrow Agreement" means the escrow agreement, dated the date hereof, by
and among the Target Company, Langley and the Escrow Agent annexed hereto as
Exhibit A.

      "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

      "G&P" means Gottbetter & Partners, LLP, counsel for Langley.

      "Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(b)
hereof.

      "Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(b)
hereof.

      "Langley" shall have the meaning in the introductory paragraph.

      "Langley Consideration Shares" shall have the meaning in Section 2.1(c)
hereof.

      "Langley Escrow Shares" means the Langley Consideration Shares deposited
into escrow by the Target Company under the terms of the Escrow Agreement in
Exhibit A.

      "Langley Protection Shares" means the Langley Escrow Shares that the
Target Company is required to sell to Langley under the terms of the Escrow
Agreement in Exhibit A.

      "Langley Shares" shall mean ordinary shares of 1.0p each in Langley.

      "Losses" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8(a) hereof.


                                       5
<PAGE>

      "Material" shall mean having a financial consequence in excess of $25,000.

      "Material Adverse Effect" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(a).

      "NASD" means the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

      "Nasdaq" shall mean the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc.

      "OTCBB" shall mean the NASD over-the counter Bulletin Board.

      "Person" means an individual or a corporation, partnership, trust,
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or political subdivision
thereof) or other entity of any kind.

      "Proceeding" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding
(including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as
a deposition), whether commenced or, to the Person's knowledge, threatened.

      "Private Placement Memorandum" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(l) hereof.

      "Securities" means the Common Stock and stock of any other class into
which such shares may hereafter have been reclassified or changed.

      "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

      "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

      "Subsidiaries" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).

      "Target Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph.

      "Total Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b).

      "Trading Day" means (a) a day on which the Common Stock is quoted on
Nasdaq, the OTCBB or the principal stock exchange on which the Common Stock has
been listed, or (b) if the Common Stock is not quoted on Nasdaq, the OTCBB or
any stock exchange, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the
over-the-counter market, as reported by the Pinksheets LLC (or any similar
organization or agency succeeding its functions of reporting prices).

      "Transaction Documents" means this Agreement and all exhibits and
schedules hereto and all other documents, instruments and writings required
pursuant to this Agreement.

      "U.S." means the United States.



                                       6
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                           PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES

2.1   Purchase and Sale; Purchase Price.

            (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Target
Company shall issue and sell and Langley shall purchase Five Million (5,000,000)
shares of the Target Company's Common Stock (the "Consideration Stock").

            (b) The total purchase price (the "Total Purchase Price") shall be
the number of shares of Consideration Stock multiplied by the average of the
Closing Bid Price per share of Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Days
immediately preceding July 30, 2004.

            (c) The Total Purchase Price shall be paid by delivery to the Target
Company of the number of Langley Shares (the "Langley Consideration Shares")
equal to the Total Purchase Price divided by the conversion rate of the British
Pound Sterling to purchase US Dollars as determined below on the July 30, 2004.
The Langley Shares shall have a value of (pound)1 per share. The number of
Langley Shares to be issued will be based on the conversion rate of the British
Pound Sterling to the US Dollar in effect as of the close of business on the day
preceding the Closing Date, as quoted by Coutts & Co. as the commercial rate it
gives to purchase US Dollars. For example, if the effective conversion rate is
$1.80/(pound) 1 and the Total Purchase Price is $8,000,000, then the number of
Langley Shares the Target Company will receive shall equal the $8,000,000/$1.80,
or 4,444,444 Langley Shares. The Langley Consideration Shares shall be subject
to the "Downside Price Protection" provided in Section 2 of the Escrow
Agreement.


2.2   Execution and Delivery of Documents; The Closing.

            (a) The Closing of the purchase and sale of the shares of
Consideration Stock (the "Closing") shall take place by August 20, 2004 (the
"Closing Date"). On the Closing Date,

            (i) the Target Company shall execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent
a certificate in the name of Langley representing the shares of Consideration
Stock;

            (ii) the Target Company shall execute and deliver to Langley a
certificate of its President, in the form of Exhibit B annexed hereto,
certifying that attached thereto is a copy of resolutions duly adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Target Company authorizing the Target Company to
execute and deliver the Transaction Documents and to enter into the transactions
contemplated thereby, provided that the Target Company may execute such
certificate upon the execution of this Agreement, in which case it will be held
in escrow by the Escrow Agent to be delivered at Closing;

            (iii) the Target Company, Langley and the Escrow Agent shall execute
and deliver to each other the Escrow Agreement, provided that the Target
Company, Langley and Escrow Agent may execute the Escrow Agreement upon the
execution of this Agreement, in which case it will to be held in escrow by the
Escrow Agent to be delivered at Closing;


                                       7
<PAGE>

            (iv) Langley shall execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent a
certificate in the name of the Target Company or a provisional letter of
allotment for a trading account in the name of the Escrow Agent representing the
Langley Escrow Shares and a certificate in the name of the Target Company or a
provisional letter of allotment for a trading account in the name of the Escrow
Agent for the benefit of the Target Company representing the balance of the
Langley Consideration Shares

            (v) Langley shall execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent a stock
power endorsed in blank relating to the Consideration Stock;

            (vi) if Langley delivers certificates for the Langley Consideration
Shares, the Target Company shall execute and deliver to the Escrow Agent stock
powers endorsed in blank relating to the Langley Consideration Shares; and

            (vii) the Target Company shall wire the monies owed to G&P pursuant
to Section 5.1 hereof for legal fees with the following wire instructions:

                                    Citibank, N.A.
                                    488 Madison Avenue
                                    New York, NY
                                    ABA Routing No.: 021000089
                                    Account Name: Gottbetter & Partners, LLP
                                    Account No. 49061322
                                    Reference:  Vital Living, Inc.


                                  ARTICLE III

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      3.1 Representations, Warranties and Agreements of the Target Company. The
Target Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to
Langley, all of which shall survive the Closing:

            (a) Organization and Qualification. The Target Company is a
corporation, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, with the requisite corporate power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as currently conducted. The Target Company has no subsidiaries other
than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) attached hereto (collectively, the
"Subsidiaries"). Each of the Subsidiaries is a corporation, duly incorporated,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation, with the full corporate power and authority to own and use its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each
of the Target Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business and
is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the
nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing, as the case may be, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, or
financial condition of the Target Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole
(a "Material Adverse Effect").


                                       8
<PAGE>

            (b) Authorization, Enforcement. The Target Company has the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and by each other Transaction Document and to otherwise to
carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Target
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
Target Company. Each of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction
Documents has been or will be duly executed by the Target Company and when
delivered in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof will constitute the
valid and binding obligation of the Target Company enforceable against the
Target Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement
of, creditors' rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general
application, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies, and (iii) to the
extent the indemnification provisions contained in the Transaction Documents may
be limited by applicable federal or state laws.

            (c) Capitalization. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital
stock of the Company is set forth on Schedule 3.1(c). No shares of Common Stock
are entitled to preemptive or similar rights under any law or statute, nor is
any holder of the Common Stock entitled to preemptive or similar rights arising
out of any agreement or understanding with the Target Company by virtue of this
Agreement. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(c), there are no outstanding
options, warrants, script, rights to subscribe to, registration rights, calls or
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any person any right
to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts,
commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which the Target Company or any
Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock, or
securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of Common Stock.
Neither the Target Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the
provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws or other charter
documents.

            (d) Issuance of Securities. The shares of Consideration Stock have
been duly and validly authorized for issuance, offer and sale pursuant to this
Agreement and, when issued and delivered as provided hereunder against payment
in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be valid and binding obligations of
the Target Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.


                                       9
<PAGE>

            (e) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Target Company and the
consummation by the Target Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its
Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws (each as amended through the date hereof)
or (ii) be subject to obtaining any consents except those referred to in Section
3.1(f), conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any
agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Target Company is a party, or
(iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Target Company or its Subsidiaries is subject (including, but not
limited to, those of other countries and the federal and state securities laws
and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Target Company or its
Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of clause (ii), such
conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and
violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. The business of the Target Company and its Subsidiaries is not
being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any
governmental authority except as could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

            (f) Consents and Approvals. Except as specifically set forth in
Schedule 3.1(f), neither the Target Company nor any Subsidiary is required to
obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or
registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other
governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance by the Target Company of this Agreement and each of the
other Transaction Documents.

            (g) Litigation; Proceedings. Except as specifically disclosed in
Schedule 3.1(g), there is no Proceeding pending or threatened against or
affecting the Target Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, governmental or administrative
agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) which
(i) relates to or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of
the Transaction Documents or the shares of Consideration Stock, (ii) could,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) could,
individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of the Target
Company to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under the Transaction
Documents.

            (h) No Default or Violation. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(h)
hereto, neither the Target Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is in default under or
in violation of any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement
or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is
bound, except such conflicts or defaults as do not have a Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) is in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or
governmental body, except for such violations as do not have a Material Adverse
Effect, or (iii) is in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any
governmental authority which could (individually or in the aggregate) (a)
adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, (b)
have a Material Adverse Effect or (c) adversely impair the Target Company's
ability or obligation to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under
this Agreement.


                                       10
<PAGE>

            (i) Disclosure Documents. As of their respective dates, the
Disclosure Documents were accurate in all material respects and did not contain
any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

            (j) Non-Registered Offering. Neither the Target Company nor any
Person acting on its behalf has taken or will take any action (including,
without limitation, any offering of any securities of the Target Company under
circumstances which would require the integration of such offering with the
offering of the Consideration Stock under the Securities Act) which might
subject the offering, issuance or sale of the Consideration Stock to the
registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act.

            (k) Placing Agent. The Target Company accepts and agrees that
Dungarvon Associates, Inc. ("Dungarvon") is acting for Langley and does not
regard any person other than Langley as its customer in relation to this
Agreement, and that it has not made any recommendation to the Target Company, in
relation to this Agreement and is not advising the Target Company, with regard
to the suitability or merits of the Langley Shares and in particular Dungarvon
has no duties or responsibilities to the Target Company for the best execution
of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

            (l) Private Placement Representations. The Target Company (i) has
received and carefully reviewed such information and documentation relating to
Langley that the Target Company has requested, including, without limitation,
Langley's Confidential Private Offering Memorandum dated June 17, 2004 ("Private
Placement Memorandum"); (ii) has had a reasonable opportunity to ask questions
of and receive answers from Langley concerning the Langley Shares, and all such
questions, if any, have been answered to the full satisfaction of the Target
Company; (iii) has such knowledge and expertise in financial and business
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks involved in an
investment in the Langley Shares; (iii) understands that Langley has determined
that the exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act,
provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act is applicable to the offer and
sale of the Langley Shares, based, in part, upon the representations, warranties
and agreements made by the Target Company herein; and (iv) except as provided
herein and in the Private Placement Memorandum, no representations or warranties
have been made to the Target Company by Langley or any agent, employee or
affiliate of Langley and in entering into this transaction the Target Company is
not relying upon any information, other than the results of independent
investigation by the Target Company.


                                       11
<PAGE>

            (m) The Target Company acknowledges and agrees that Langley makes no
representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2.


      3.2 Representations and Warranties of Langley. Langley hereby makes the
following representations and warranties to the Target Company, all of which
shall survive the Closing:

            (a) Organization; Authority. Langley is a corporation, duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its formation with the requisite power and authority to own and
use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted.

            (b) Authorization, Enforcement. Langley has the requisite corporate
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and by each other Transaction Document and to otherwise to
carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by Langley and the
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby has been
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Langley. Each of this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents has been or will be duly
executed by Langley (or Dungarvon on its behalf) and when delivered in
accordance with the terms hereof or thereof will constitute the valid and
binding obligation of Langley enforceable against Langley in accordance with its
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws
relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and
remedies or by other equitable principles of general application, (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive
relief, or other equitable remedies, and (iii) to the extent the indemnification
provisions contained in the Transaction Documents may be limited by applicable
federal or state laws.

            (c) Issuance of Securities. The Langley Consideration Shares have
been duly and validly authorized for issuance, offer and sale pursuant to this
Agreement and, when issued and delivered as provided hereunder against payment
in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be valid and binding obligations of
Langley enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

            (d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Langley and the consummation by
Langley of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of its formation documents (as
amended through the date hereof) or (ii) be subject to obtaining any consents
except those referred to in Section 3.2(e), conflict with, or constitute a
default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which
Langley is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which Langley is subject, or by which any property or
asset of Langley is bound or affected, except in the case of clause (ii), such
conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and
violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. The business of Langley is not being conducted in violation of
any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority except as could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.


                                       12
<PAGE>

            (e) Consents and Approvals. Except for the admission for trading of
the Langley Shares on the London Stock Exchange plc, Langley is not required to
obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or
registration with, any court or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by Langley of this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents.

            (f) Private Placement Memorandum. The Private Placement Memorandum
is accurate in all material respects and did not contain any untrue statement of
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

            (g) Investment Intent. Langley is acquiring the shares of
Consideration Stock to be purchased by it hereunder, for its own account for
investment purposes only and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling
such shares of Consideration Stock, or any part thereof or interest therein,
without prejudice, however, to Langley's right, subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of
such shares of Consideration Stock in compliance with applicable federal and
state securities laws.

            (h) Experience of Langley. Langley, either alone or together with
its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of an investment in the shares of Consideration Stock to be acquired by it
hereunder, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.

            (i) Ability of Langley to Bear Risk of Investment. Langley is able
to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Consideration Stock to be
acquired by it hereunder and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete
loss of such investment.

            (j) Access to Information. Langley acknowledges that it has been
afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Target Company
concerning the terms and conditions of the Consideration Stock offered hereunder
and the merits and risks of investing in such securities; (ii) access to
information about the Target Company and the Target Company's financial
condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects
sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment in the Consideration Stock;
and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information which the Target
Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment
and to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information that it has
received about the Target Company.


                                       13
<PAGE>

            (k) Reliance. Langley understands and acknowledges that (i) the
shares of Consideration Stock being offered and sold to it hereunder are being
offered and sold without registration under the Securities Act in a private
placement that is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act
under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and (ii) the availability of such
exemption depends in part on, and that the Target Company will rely upon the
accuracy and truthfulness of, the foregoing representations and Langley hereby
consents to such reliance.

            (l) Regulation S. Langley understands and acknowledges that (A) the
shares of Consideration Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act,
are being sold in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded by
Regulation S and Section 4(2) under the Securities Act; and that such shares of
Consideration Stock have not been registered with any state securities
commission or authority; (B) pursuant to the requirements of Regulation S, the
shares of Consideration Stock may not be transferred, sold or otherwise
exchanged unless in compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and/or
pursuant to registration under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available
exemption hereunder; and (C) the Target Company is under no obligation to
register the shares of Consideration Stock under the Securities Act or any state
securities law, or to take any action to make any exemption from any such
registration provisions available.

      Langley is not a U.S. Person and is not acquiring the shares of
Consideration Stock for the account of any U.S. Person; (B) no director or
executive officer of Langley is a national or citizen of the United States; and
(C) it is not otherwise deemed to be a "U.S. Person" within the meaning of
Regulation S.

      Langley was not formed specifically for the purpose of acquiring the
shares of Consideration Stock purchased pursuant to this Agreement.

      Langley is purchasing the shares of Consideration Stock for its own
account and risk and not for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person as defined
in Regulation S and no other person has any interest in or participation in the
shares of Consideration Stock or any right, option, security interest, pledge or
other interest in or to the shares of Consideration Stock. Langley understands,
acknowledges and agrees that it must bear the economic risk of its investment in
the shares of Consideration Stock for an indefinite period of time and that
prior to any such offer or sale, the Target Company may require, as a condition
to effecting a transfer of the shares of Consideration Stock, an opinion of
counsel, acceptable to the Target Company, as to the registration or exemption
therefrom under the Securities Act and any state securities acts, if applicable.

      Langley will, after the expiration of the Restricted Period, as set forth
under Regulation S Rule 903(b)(3)(iii)(A), offer, sell, pledge or otherwise
transfer the shares of Consideration Stock only in accordance with Regulation S,
or pursuant to an available exemption under the Securities Act and, in any case,
in accordance with applicable state securities laws and Langley understands and
acknowledges that the Target Company may refuse to register any transfer of the
Consideration Stock not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S,
pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available
exemption from registration. Langley further acknowledges and agrees that it
will not engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Consideration Stock
unless in compliance with the Securities Act. The transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have neither been pre-arranged with a purchaser who is in the
U.S. or who is a U.S. Person, nor are they part of a plan or scheme to evade the
registration provisions of the United States federal securities laws.


                                       14
<PAGE>

      The offer leading to the sale evidenced hereby was made in an "offshore
transaction." For purposes of Regulation S, Langley understands that an
"offshore transaction" as defined under Regulation S is any offer or sale not
made to a person in the United States and either (A) at the time the buy order
is originated, the purchaser is outside the United States, or the seller or any
person acting on his behalf reasonably believes that the purchaser is outside
the United States; or (B) for purposes of (1) Rule 903 of Regulation S, the
transaction is executed in, or on or through a physical trading floor of an
established foreign exchange that is located outside the United States or (2)
Rule 904 of Regulation S, the transaction is executed in, on or through the
facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the seller
nor any person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction has been
prearranged with a buyer in the U.S.

      Neither Langley nor any Affiliate or any Person acting on Langley's
behalf, has made or is aware of any "directed selling efforts" in the United
States, which is defined in Regulation S to be any activity undertaken for the
purpose of, or that could reasonably be expected to have the effect of,
conditioning the market in the United States for any of the shares of
Consideration Stock being purchased hereby.

      Langley understands that the Target Company is the seller of the shares of
Consideration Stock which are the subject of this Agreement, and that, for
purpose of Regulation S, a "distributor" is any underwriter, dealer or other
person who participates, pursuant to a contractual arrangement, in the
distribution of securities offered or sold in reliance on Regulation S. Langley
agrees that Langley will not, during the Restricted Period set forth under Rule
903(b)(iii)(A), act as a distributor, either directly or though any Affiliate,
nor shall it sell, transfer, hypothecate or otherwise convey the shares of
Consideration Stock other than to a non-U.S. Person.

      Langley acknowledges that the shares of Consideration Stock will bear a
legend in substantially the following form:


THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN OFFERED AND SOLD IN AN
"OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S AS PROMULGATED BY THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE
"SECURITIES ACT") AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH
REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE
AVAILABILITY OF WHICH IS TO BE ESTABLISHED TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE COMPANY.
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE CANNOT BE THE SUBJECT OF HEDGING
TRANSACTIONS UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE CONDUCTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT.


                                       15
<PAGE>

            (m) Langley acknowledges that it may not sell, transfer or assign
all or any of the shares of Consideration Stock for a period of two (2) years
following the Closing and that the certificates representing the Consideration
Stock will bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THE SALE OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO
THE TERMS OF A STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JULY __, 2004, BETWEEN THE
COMPANY AND LANGLEY PARK INVESTMENTS PLC, A COPY OF WHICH IS AVAILABLE UPON
REQUEST.


            (n) Langley acknowledges and agrees that the Target Company makes no
representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.1.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES


      4.1 Manner of Offering. The Consideration Stock is being issued pursuant
to section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation S thereunder. The Langley
Consideration Shares are being issued pursuant to section 4(2) of the Securities
Act.

      4.2 Notice of Certain Events. The Target Company shall, on a continuing
basis, (i) advise Langley promptly after obtaining knowledge of, and, if
requested by Langley, confirm such advice in writing, of (A) the issuance by any
state securities commission of any stop order suspending the qualification or
exemption from qualification of the shares of Consideration Stock, for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation of any Proceeding for such
purpose by any state securities commission or other regulatory authority, or (B)
up until the Closing Date, any event that makes any statement of a material fact
made by the Target Company in Section 3.1 or in the Disclosure Documents untrue
or that requires the making of any additions to or changes in Section 3.1 or in
the Disclosure Documents in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, (ii) use its
best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or order suspending the
qualification or exemption from qualification of the Consideration Stock under
any state securities or Blue Sky laws, and (iii) if at any time any state
securities commission or other regulatory authority shall issue an order
suspending the qualification or exemption from qualification of the
Consideration Stock under any such laws, and use its best efforts to obtain the
withdrawal or lifting of such order at the earliest possible time.


                                       16
<PAGE>

      4.3 [Intentionally Omitted]

      4.4 Integration. The Target Company shall not and shall use its best
efforts to ensure that no Affiliate shall sell, offer for sale or solicit offers
to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section
2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the
Consideration Stock in a manner that would require the registration under the
Securities Act of the sale of the Consideration Stock to Langley.

      4.5 Furnishing of Rule 144(c) Materials. The Target Company shall, for so
long as any of the Consideration Stock remain outstanding and during any period
in which the Target Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, make available to any registered holder of the Securities in
connection with any sale thereof and any prospective purchaser of such
Securities from such Person, such information in accordance with Rule 144(c)
promulgated under the Securities Act as is required to sell the Consideration
Stock under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

      4.6 Solicitation Materials. The Target Company shall not (i) distribute
any offering materials in connection with the offering and sale of the shares of
Consideration Stock other than the Disclosure Documents and any amendments and
supplements thereto prepared in compliance herewith or (ii) solicit any offer to
buy or sell the shares of Consideration Stock by means of any form of general
solicitation or advertising.

      4.7 Listing of Common Stock. If the Common Stock is or shall become listed
on the OTCBB or on another exchange, the Target Company shall (a) use its best
efforts to maintain the listing of its Common Stock on the OTCBB or such other
exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed until two years from the date
hereof, and (b) shall provide to Langley evidence of such listing.

      4.8 Indemnification.

            (a) Indemnification.

            (i) The Target Company shall, notwithstanding termination of this
Agreement and without limitation as to time, indemnify and hold harmless Langley
and its officers, directors, agents, employees and Affiliates, each Person who
controls or Langley (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each such Person, a "Control Person") and the
officers, directors, agents, employees and Affiliates of each such Control
Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any
and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without
limitation, costs of preparation and attorneys' fees) and expenses
(collectively, "Losses"), as incurred, arising out of, or relating to, a breach
or breaches of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by the Target
Company under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.


                                       17
<PAGE>

            (ii) Langley shall, notwithstanding termination of this Agreement
and without limitation as to time, indemnify and hold harmless the Target
Company, its officers, directors, agents and employees, each Control Person and
the officers, directors, agents and employees of each Control Person, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all Losses,
as incurred, arising out of, or relating to, a breach or breaches of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by Langley under this Agreement
or the other Transaction Documents.

            (iii) The Target Company and Langley acknowledge that in the SEC's
opinion, directors, officers and persons controlling a company subject to the
Securities Act can not be indemnified for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act by such company.

            (b) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall
be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an
"Indemnified Party"), such Indemnified Party promptly shall notify the Person
from whom indemnity is sought (the "Indemnifying Party") in writing, and the
Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense thereof, including the employment of
counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all
fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof; provided, that
the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the
Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement,
except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or
further review) that such failure shall have proximately and materially
adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

      An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or
Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed to pay such fees and
expenses; or (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the
defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such
Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such
Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party
and the Indemnifying Party, and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised
by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel
were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which
case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that
it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party,
the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense of the
claim against the Indemnified Party but will retain the right to control the
overall Proceedings out of which the claim arose and such counsel employed by
the Indemnified Party shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The
Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding
effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of
which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an
unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims
that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.


                                       18
<PAGE>

      All fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party to which the Indemnified
Party is entitled hereunder (including reasonable fees and expenses to the
extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such
Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the
Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten (10) Business Days of written notice
thereof to the Indemnifying Party.

      No right of indemnification under this Section shall be available as to a
particular Indemnified Party if the Indemnifying Party obtains a non-appealable
final judicial determination that such Losses arise solely out of the negligence
or bad faith of such Indemnified Party in performing the obligations of such
Indemnified Party under this Agreement or a breach by such Indemnified Party of
its obligations under this Agreement.

            (c) Contribution. If a claim for indemnification under this Section
is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold such
Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses in respect of which this Section would
apply by its terms (other than by reason of exceptions provided in this
Section), then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified
Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party
as a result of such Losses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the
relative benefits received by the Indemnifying Party on the one hand and the
Indemnified Party on the other and the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party
and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether there was a judicial
determination that such Losses arise in part out of the negligence or bad faith
of the Indemnified Party in performing the obligations of such Indemnified Party
under this Agreement or the Indemnified Party's breach of its obligations under
this Agreement. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses
shall be deemed to include any attorneys' or other fees or expenses incurred by
such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have
been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for
in this Section was available to such party.

            (d) Non-Exclusivity. The indemnity and contribution agreements
contained in this Section are in addition to any obligation or liability that
the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

      4.9 Sale of Langley Consideration Shares. Langley shall assist the Target
Company in setting up and maintaining a trading account at a registered broker
in the United Kingdom to facilitate the sale of the Langley Consideration
Shares. Broker's commissions in the trading account shall not exceed one half
percent (0.5%).

      4.10 Lock Up by Langley. Langley shall not sell, transfer or assign all or
any of the shares of Consideration Stock for a period of two (2) years following
the Closing, without the written consent of the Target Company, which consent
may be withheld in the Target Company's sole discretion.


                                       19
<PAGE>

      4.11 Additional Stock Purchase Agreements. This Agreement is one of a
series of Stock Purchase Agreements ("Additional Purchase Agreements") between
Langley and at least seventeen (17) other companies containing substantially
identical terms and conditions obligating Langley to issue shares with a value
of at least $100,000,000 in the aggregate. The Closing of this Agreement is
conditioned upon the Closing of the Additional Purchase Agreements.

                                   ARTICLE V
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      5.1 Fees and Expenses. Except as set forth in this Agreement, each party
shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other
experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
The Target Company shall pay all stamp and other taxes and duties levied in
connection with the issuance of the shares of Consideration Stock pursuant
hereto. Langley shall be responsible for any taxes payable by Langley that may
arise as a result of the investment hereunder or the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Target Company agrees
to pay $7,500 to G&P for legal fees associated with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement at Closing. The Target Company shall pay all
costs, expenses, fees and all taxes incident to and in connection with: (A) the
issuance and delivery of the Consideration Stock, (B) the exemption from
registration of the Consideration Stock for offer and sale to Langley under the
securities or Blue Sky laws of the applicable jurisdictions, and (C) the
preparation of certificates for the Consideration Stock (including, without
limitation, printing and engraving thereof), and (D) all fees and expenses of
counsel and accountants of the Target Company.

      5.2 Entire Agreement This Agreement, together with all of the Exhibits and
Schedules annexed hereto, and any other Transaction Document contains the entire
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect
to such matters. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been drafted and
negotiated by both parties hereto and no presumptions as to interpretation,
construction or enforceability shall be made by or against either party in such
regard.

      5.3 Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be
given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
upon facsimile transmission (with written transmission confirmation report) at
the number designated below (if delivered on a Business Day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first Business Day
following such delivery (if delivered other than on a Business Day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received) whichever shall first occur.
The addresses for such communications shall be:


                                       20
<PAGE>

                  If to the Target Company:    Vital Living, Inc.
                                               5080 North 40th Street
                                               Suite 105
                                               Phoenix, Arizona 85018
                                               Attn:  President and CEO
                                               Tel:   (602) 952-9909
                                               Fax:   (602) 952-6907

                  With copies to:


                                               Tel:  (      )
                                               Fax:  (     )

                  If to Langley:               Langley Park Investments PLC
                                               30 Farringdon Street
                                               London EC4A 4HJ
                                               Attn: Harry Pearl
                                               Tel: 44.207.569.0044
                                               Fax: 44.207.724.0090

                  With copies to:              Gottbetter & Partners, LLP
                                               488 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
                                               New York, NY 10022
                                               Attn:  Adam S. Gottbetter, Esq.
                                               Tel:  (212) 400-6900
                                               Fax:  (212) 400-6901

or such other address as may be designated hereafter by notice given pursuant to
the terms of this Section 5.3.

      5.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or
amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by
both the Target Company and Langley, or, in the case of a waiver, by the party
against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought. No waiver of any default
with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of
either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right accruing to it thereafter.

      5.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof.

      5.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. The assignment by a party of this Agreement or any rights hereunder
shall not affect the obligations of such party under this Agreement.


                                       21
<PAGE>

      5.7 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other person.

      5.8 Governing Law; Venue; Service of Process. The parties hereto
acknowledge that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
exhibits hereto bear a reasonable relation to the State of New York. The parties
hereto agree that the internal laws of the State of New York shall govern this
Agreement and the exhibits hereto, including, but not limited to, all issues
related to usury. Any action to enforce the terms of this Agreement or any of
its exhibits, or any other Transaction Document shall be brought exclusively in
the state and/or federal courts situated in the County and State of New York. If
and only if New York declines jurisdiction within the State of New York, such
action shall be brought in the State and County where the Target Company's
principle place of business is situated. Service of process in any action by
Langley or the Target Company to enforce the terms of this Agreement may be made
by serving a copy of the summons and complaint, in addition to any other
relevant documents, by commercial overnight courier to the other party at its
principal address set forth in this Agreement.

      5.9 Survival. The representations and warranties of the Target Company and
Langley contained in Article III and the agreements and covenants of the parties
contained in Article IV and this Article V shall survive the Closing.

      5.10 Counterpart Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by
each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature
page were an original thereof.

      5.11 Publicity. The Target Company and Langley shall consult with each
other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and neither party shall issue
any such press release or otherwise make any such public statement without the
prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed, unless counsel for the disclosing party deems such public
statement to be required by applicable federal and/or state securities laws, in
which case, they will provide each other with a reasonable opportunity to
comment thereon. Except as otherwise required by applicable law or regulation,
the Target Company will not disclose to any third party (excluding its legal
counsel, accountants and representatives) the name of Langley.

      5.12 Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and
enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree
upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a reasonable substitute
therefore, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in
this Agreement.


                                       22
<PAGE>

      5.13 Limitation of Remedies. With respect to claims by the Target Company
or any person acting by or through the Target Company, or by Langley or any
person acting through Langley, for remedies at law or at equity relating to or
arising out of a breach of this Agreement, liability, if any, shall, in no
event, include loss of profits or incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive,
special or consequential damages of any kind.


                           [ SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ]


                                       23
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first indicated above.

                                         Target Company:

                                         Vital Living, Inc.


                                         By:  _________________________
                                         Name:  _______________________
                                         Title:  _______________________



                                         Langley:

                                         Dungarvon Associates, Inc. on behalf of
                                         Langley Park Investments Plc.
                                         By: __________________________
                                         Name: ________________________
                                         Title: _________________________

                                       24


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
