<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v05312_ex2-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1

                                MERGER AGREEMENT

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                                     BY AND
                                      AMONG


                         HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION,

                             RWT ACQUISITION, INC.,
                             A MARYLAND CORPORATION

                                       AND

                      ROBOTIC WORKSPACE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                             A MARYLAND CORPORATION


<PAGE>

                         LIST OF SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS
                                       TO
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


         SCHEDULES

         Company Disclosure Schedule

         RWT Disclosure Schedule


         EXHIBITS

         Exhibit 6.1(a)(1)          Company Certified Resolutions

         Exhibit 6.1(a)(2)          Acquisition Certified Resolutions

         Exhibit 6.1(f)(1)          Company Officer's Certificate

         Exhibit 6.1(f)(2)          Acquisition Officer's Certificate

         Exhibit 6.2(a)             RWT Certified Resolutions

         Exhibit 6.2(e)             RWT Officer's Certificate

         Exhibit A                  Certificate of Designation of Series A
                                    Preferred

         Exhibit J                  Registration Rights Agreement

         Exhibit K                  Lock Up Agreement

         Exhibits L-1 and L-2       Employment Agreements of Walter Weisel and
                                    Sheri Aws


                                       2
<PAGE>

      AGREEMENT  AND PLAN OF  MERGER  (this  "Agreement"),  dated as of July 21,
2004, by and among Hy-Tech Technology Group,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation (the
"Company"),  RWT Acquisition,  Inc., a Maryland corporation  ("Acquisition") and
Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc., a Maryland corporation ("RWT").

                                    RECITALS

      WHEREAS, the Company and RWT desire to merge Acquisition with and into RWT
whereby RWT shall be the surviving  entity  pursuant to the terms and conditions
set forth  herein and  whereby the  transaction  is intended to qualify as a tax
free  reorganization  pursuant to Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "IRC"), to the extent permitted by applicable law;

      WHEREAS,  in furtherance of such  combination,  the Boards of Directors of
the Company,  Acquisition  and RWT have each approved the merger of  Acquisition
with and into RWT (the  "Merger"),  upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth herein,  in accordance with the applicable  provisions of the Delaware
General  Corporation Law (the "DGCL") and the Maryland Business  Corporation Act
(the "MBCA").

      WHEREAS, the stockholders of RWT desire to approve the Merger and exchange
all of their  shares of the capital  stock of RWT (the "RWT  Common  Stock") for
shares of the capital  stock of the Company (the "Company  Capital  Stock") as a
tax free  reorganization  pursuant  to Section  368(a) of the IRC, to the extent
permitted by applicable law;

      WHEREAS, RWT has issued and outstanding Two Hundred,  Forty-eight Thousand
Seven Hundred  Thirty  (248,730)  options to acquire  shares of RWT Common Stock
(the "RWT Options"),  and the Company and RWT desire that upon the effectiveness
of the Merger that the RWT Options be converted into options to acquire  Company
Common Stock (the "Company Options"); and

      WHEREAS,  the  Company  has  changed  or will  change  its name to  Innova
Holdings,  Inc. on or after the Effective Date, references to Hy-Tech Technology
Group, Inc., the Company and/or Innova Holdings, Inc. shall all be references to
the parent of RWT Acquisitions, Inc.;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements herein contained,  and intending to be legally bound hereby,  the
parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

      1.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined) and subject
to and upon the terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement and the DGCL and MBCA,
Acquisition shall be merged with and into RWT pursuant to the Merger.  Following
the Merger,  RWT shall  continue as the surviving  corporation  (the  "Surviving
Corporation") and the separate  corporate  existence of Acquisition shall cease.
As part of the Merger and as more fully  described  in Section 2.1, (i) the Four
Million,   Five  Hundred  Sixty  Seven  Thousand,   Seven  Hundred   Ninety-nine
(4,567,799) issued and outstanding shares of RWT Common Stock shall be exchanged
for Company Capital Stock at the Exchange Ratio (as defined below), (ii) the RWT
Options shall be exchanged  for Company  Options as provided in section 2.8, and
(ii) each share of Acquisition's  issued and outstanding common stock, par value
$.001 per share (the  "Acquisition  Common Stock"),  shall be converted into one


                                       3
<PAGE>

validly issued,  fully paid and non-assessable  share of common stock, par value
of $.001 per share, of the Surviving  Corporation  (the  "Surviving  Corporation
Common Stock"). For all purposes of this Agreement,  the Exchange Ratio shall be
determined by dividing Two Hundred and Eighty Million (280,000,000)by the number
of issued and  outstanding  shares of RWT on the Closing  Date and the number so
determined shall equal the number of shares of Company Stock to be exchanged for
one share of outstanding RWT Common Stock.

      1.2  Effective  Time.  The Merger  shall be  consummated  as  promptly  as
practicable after satisfaction of all conditions to the Merger set forth herein,
by filing with the  Secretary  of State of the States of Delaware and Maryland a
certificate of merger (the  "Certificate of Merger"),  and all other appropriate
documents,  executed in accordance with the relevant  provisions of the DGCL and
MBCA. The Merger shall become  effective  upon the filing of the  Certificate of
Merger.  The time of such filing  shall be referred to herein as the  "Effective
Time."

      1.3  Effects  of the  Merger.  At the  Effective  Time,  all  the  rights,
privileges,  immunities,  powers and franchises of  Acquisition  and RWT and all
property, real, personal and mixed, and every other interest of, or belonging to
or due to each of Acquisition  and RWT shall vest in the Surviving  Corporation,
and all  debts,  liabilities,  obligations  and duties of  Acquisition  and RWT,
including,  without limitation, the performance of all obligations and duties of
RWT pursuant to this Agreement,  the RWT Debentures and the exhibits,  schedules
and all  documents  executed in  connection  therewith or any other  Transaction
Document (as defined in this  Agreement),  shall become the debts,  liabilities,
obligations and duties of the Surviving Corporation without further act or deed,
all in the manner and to the full extent provided by the DGCL and MBCA. Whenever
a conveyance, assignment, transfer, deed or other instrument or act is necessary
to vest any property or right in the  Surviving  Corporation,  the directors and
officers of the respective constituent  corporations shall execute,  acknowledge
and deliver  such  instruments  and  perform  such acts,  for which  purpose the
separate  existence of the constituent  corporations  and the authority of their
respective directors and officers shall continue, notwithstanding the Merger.

      1.4 Certificate of Incorporation. The Certificate of Incorporation of RWT,
as in effect  immediately  prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate
of Incorporation  of the Surviving  Corporation and thereafter may be amended or
repealed in accordance with its terms and applicable law.

      1.5 By-Laws.  At the Effective  Time and without any further action on the
part of  Acquisition  and RWT,  the  By-laws of RWT shall be the  By-laws of the
Surviving  Corporation  and  thereafter may be amended or repealed in accordance
with  their  terms  or  the  Certificate  of   Incorporation  of  the  Surviving
Corporation and as provided by law.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      1.6  Directors.  The directors of the Company at the Effective  Time shall
consist of Martin  Nielson,  Gary McNear,  Craig Conklin,  Walter Weisel and one
other  nominee  selected by RWT.  Walter  Weisel  shall serve as Chairman of the
Board of Directors. The directors of RWT as of the Closing Date shall select the
persons who shall serve as chairman of any committee of the Board of Directors.

      1.7  Officers.  The  officers  of RWT at the  Effective  Time shall be the
officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their resignation or
removal or until their  respective  successors are duly appointed and qualified,
as the case may be.  Walter  Weisel will continue to serve as Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Surviving Corporation.  Walter Weisel will be appointed
as a Senior Executive of the Company.  The employment of Walter Weisel and Sheri
Aws by the Company and the Surviving  Corporation shall be pursuant to the terms
of their existing Employment Agreements with RWT, as the Surviving  Corporation,
copies of which  Employment  Agreements  are annexed  hereto as EXHIBITS L-1 AND
L-2.  Said  Employment  Agreements  will be  assumed  by the  Company  as of the
Effective Date and amended as necessary to include bonus incentives  approved by
the Board of Directors of the Company as well as duties specific to the Company.

      1.8 Tax-Free  Reorganization.  The parties intend that the Merger shall be
treated as a tax-free  reorganization  pursuant to Section 368(a) of the IRC, to
the extent permitted by applicable law.

                                   ARTICLE II

                            CONVERSION OF RWT SHARES

      2.1 Conversion and Cancellation of RWT Common Stock and RWT Options. As of
the  Effective  Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part
of the Company,  Acquisition  or RWT or the holders of any shares of the capital
stock of Acquisition or RWT:

      (a) Subject to the  provisions  of Sections 2.4 and 2.5, each share of RWT
Common Stock (the "RWT Common Stock Shares") issued and outstanding  immediately
prior to the  Effective  Time  (other than shares  canceled in  accordance  with
Section  2.1(b)),  shall be converted  into an  aggregate of Two Hundred  Eighty
million  (280,0000,000)  shares of validly issued,  fully paid and nonassessable
shares (of which  7,500,000  shares have been  delivered to RWT  previously)  of
Company Common Stock (the "Company" Common Stock Shares);  provided further that
immediately prior to the Effective Date, the Stock Certificate  representing the
aforementioned  7,500,000  Company shares will be surrendered to the Company and
cancelled. As of the Effective Time, each RWT Common Stock Share shall no longer
be outstanding and shall  automatically be canceled and cease to exist, and each
holder of a certificate  representing  any RWT Common Stock Share shall cease to
have any rights with  respect  thereto  other than the right to receive  Company
Common Stock to be issued in consideration  therefore upon the surrender of such
certificate,   properly   endorsed  to  the  Company's   stock  transfer  agent,
Continental  Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the "Transfer  Agent").  Promptly
after the Effective  Time,  RWT shall  deliver to the Transfer  Agent a complete
list of the names, addresses and holdings of each holder of RWT Common Stock and
RWT Options.  The Company shall thereafter instruct the Transfer Agent to send a
letter of  transmittal  to all of such  holders  that will  instruct all of such
holders how to surrender  their  holdings in exchange  for Company  Common Stock
Shares and how to receive Company Common Stock upon the exercise of RWT Options.


                                       5
<PAGE>

All of such holders shall execute an agreement setting forth the same covenants,
representations  and  warranties  that were made by such holder when such holder
acquired  the RWT Common  Stock and RWT  Options to confirm  that such  holder's
receipt of Company  Common  Stock and  Company  Options,  as the case may be, is
exempt from the  registration  requirements  of the  Securities  Act of 1933, as
amended.  Each holder of a certificate  representing  any RWT Common Stock Share
shall  cease to have any rights  with  respect  thereto  other than the right to
receive Company Common Stock Shares to be issued in consideration therefore.

      (b) Each share of RWT Capital  Stock held in the  treasury of RWT and each
share of RWT Capital  Stock owned by  Acquisition  or Company  shall be canceled
without  any  conversion   thereof  and  no  payment,   distribution   or  other
consideration shall be made with respect thereto.

      (c) Each issued and outstanding share of Acquisition Common Stock shall be
converted  into  one  validly  issued,  fully  paid and  nonassessable  share of
Surviving Corporation Common Stock.

      2.2  Adjustment  of the Exchange  Ratio.  In the event that,  prior to the
Effective Time, any stock split, combination, reclassification or stock dividend
with  respect to the Company  Common  Stock or RWT Common  Stock,  any change or
conversion  of  Company  Common  Stock or RWT  Common  Stock  with or into other
securities  or any other  dividend or  distribution  with respect to the Company
Common Stock or RWT Common Stock (other than regular quarterly dividends) should
occur or, if a record date with respect to any of the  foregoing  should  occur,
appropriate and  proportionate  adjustments shall be made to the Exchange Ratio,
and thereafter all references to an Exchange Ratio shall be deemed to be to such
Exchange Ratio as so adjusted.

      2.3 No Fractional Shares. No certificates or scrip representing fractional
shares of Company  Common Stock shall be issued upon the  surrender for exchange
of  certificates  and such  fractional  share  shall not  entitle  the record or
beneficial  owner thereof to vote or to any other rights as a stockholder of the
Company.  The number of shares of  Company  Common  Stock to be issued  shall be
rounded up to the nearest whole share.

      2.4  Further  Assurances.  If at any time  after  the  Effective  Time the
Surviving  Corporation  shall  consider or be advised  that any deeds,  bills of
sale,  assignments  or  assurances  or any other acts or things  are  necessary,
desirable or proper (a) to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise,  in
the Surviving  Corporation,  its right, title or interest in, to or under any of
the rights, privileges,  powers, franchises,  properties or assets of either RWT
or Acquisition or (b) otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the
Surviving  Corporation  and its proper officers and directors or their designees
shall be authorized  (to the fullest  extent  allowed under  applicable  law) to
execute and deliver,  in the name and on behalf of either RWT or  Acquisition  ,
all such deeds,  bills of sale,  assignments  and assurances and do, in the name
and on behalf of RWT or Acquisition,  all such other acts and things  necessary,
desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm its right, title or interest in,
to or under any of the rights,  privileges,  powers,  franchises,  properties or
assets of RWT or  Acquisition,  as  applicable,  and  otherwise to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement.


                                       6
<PAGE>

      2.5 RWT Options. At the Effective Time, the RWT Options shall be converted
into Company  Options as  hereinafter  provided.  At the  Effective  Time,  each
unexercised  RWT Option  shall be  converted  into a Company  Option on the same
terms and  conditions as the RWT Options,  and all references in the RWT Options
to RWT Common  Stock  shall be deemed  thereafter  to be  references  to Company
Common  Stock.  The Exchange  Ratio shall apply to the shares of Company  Common
Stock  issuable  upon the exercise of the RWT Options  that have been  converted
into Company Options.

      2.6 Dissenters' Rights. Any shareholder of RWT who does not consent to the
Merger shall be entitled to assert the  dissenters'  rights if and to the extent
provided under the MBCA;  provided,  however,  that if RWT shareholders  holding
more than one third  (1/3) of the  outstanding  shares of RWT elect to  exercise
dissenters'  rights,  the  Company  shall  have  the  right  to  terminate  this
Agreement.

      2.7 Right to Acquire Preferred Stock.  Company shall create a new class of
redeemable  convertible  Preferred Stock in addition to its outstanding  Class A
Preferred  Stock  consisting of 125,000  shares,  which shares were purchased by
five investors who previously owned  debentures  issued by the Company for $1.00
per  share  for  total  consideration  of  $125,000.  Such  new  class  shall be
designated as Class B Preferred Stock and shall consist of 525,000  shares.  The
purchase  price  for one  share of Class B  Preferred  Stock  shall be $1.00 per
share.  RWT  shall  offer  all of the  Class B  Preferred  Stock  to  accredited
investors  with the  first  priority  to those  persons  who  hold  expired  RWT
warrants.  All proceeds of the sale of the Class B Preferred Stock shall be used
by RWT.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                     CLOSING

      Subject to  satisfaction  of the  conditions  to closing set forth in this
Agreement and unless this Agreement is otherwise  terminated in accordance  with
the provisions  contained herein,  the closing of the Merger shall take place at
the offices of Gottbetter & Partners,  LLP, 488 Madison  Avenue,  New York,  New
York as promptly as practicable  after  satisfaction of the conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      4.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company and Acquisition.  Except
as  disclosed  in the Reports  (as defined  below) or in a document of even date
herewith referring to the  representations  and warranties in this Agreement and
delivered  by  Company  to RWT  prior  to the  execution  and  delivery  of this
Agreement  (the  "Company  Disclosure  Schedule"),  Acquisition  and the Company
hereby make the following  representations  and  warranties to RWT, all of which
shall survive the Closing,  subject to the  limitations set forth in Section 8.1
hereof:


                                       7
<PAGE>

      (a)  Organization  and Good Standing.  Acquisition  is a corporation  duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Maryland,  with full corporate power and authority to conduct its business as it
is now being conducted,  to own or use the properties and assets that it owns or
uses, and to perform all its obligations under this Agreement.  The Company is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to conduct its
business as it is now being  conducted,  to own or use the properties and assets
that it owns or uses, and to perform all its  obligations  under this Agreement.
Company has no subsidiaries  other than  Acquisition and other than as set forth
on the Company  Disclosure  Schedule 4.1(a)  (individually,  a "Subsidiary"  and
collectively, the "Subsidiaries").  Acquisition has no subsidiaries. Each of the
Company and Acquisition is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing
as a foreign  corporation in each  jurisdiction in which either the ownership or
use of the  properties  owned or used by it,  or the  nature  of the  activities
conducted by it, requires such qualification,  except for such failures to be so
qualified  or in good  standing  would  not have a  Material  Adverse  Effect as
defined in Article IX.

      (b) Authority; No Conflict.

            i. This Agreement and any agreement executed in connection  herewith
by Company or Acquisition constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Company and Acquisition, as the case may be, enforceable against the Company
and Acquisition,  as the case may be, in accordance with their respective terms,
except as such  enforceability  is limited by  bankruptcy,  insolvency and other
laws affecting the rights of creditors and by general equitable principles.  The
Company has the absolute and unrestricted right,  power,  authority and capacity
to execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and any  agreement  executed by it in
connection herewith and to perform its obligations hereunder and there under.

            ii.  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of
the Company and Acquisition,  nor the consummation or performance by each of any
of its respective  obligations contained in this Agreement or in connection with
the Merger  will,  directly or  indirectly  (with or without  notice or lapse of
time):

                  a.  contravene,  conflict with or result in a violation of (x)
any   provision   of  the   certificate   of   incorporation   or  by-laws  (the
"Organizational  Documents") of the Company or Acquisition,  as the case may be,
or (y) any resolution  adopted by the board of directors or the  stockholders of
the Company or Acquisition, as the case may be;

                  b.  contravene,  conflict with or result in a violation of, or
give any  governmental  body or other Person the right to  challenge  any of the
Merger  or to  exercise  any  remedy  or  obtain  any  relief  under,  any legal
requirement  or any  order to which the  Company  or  Acquisition  or any of the
assets owned or used by the Company or Acquisition may be subject;


                                       8
<PAGE>

                  c.  contravene,  conflict  with or  result in a  violation  or
breach of any provision of, or give any person the right to declare a default or
exercise any remedy under,  or to accelerate the maturity or performance  of, or
to cancel,  terminate or modify, this Agreement, or any contract or agreement to
which Company and Acquisition are bound;

                  d.  result  in the  imposition  or  creation  of any  material
encumbrance  upon or with respect to any of the material assets owned or used by
the Company or Acquisition;

                  e. cause the Company or  Acquisition  to become subject to, or
to become liable for the payment of, any tax; or

                  f. cause any of the assets owned by the Company or Acquisition
to be reassessed or revalued by any taxing authority or other governmental body,
except in connection with the transfer of real estate pursuant to this Agreement
or the Merger, if any.

      (c) Capitalization. As of July 15, 2004, the Company had 98,677,406 shares
of Common  Stock  and  125,000  shares of Class A  Preferred  Stock  issued  and
outstanding.  The Company has not issued any capital stock since that date other
than pursuant to (i) employee benefit plans disclosed in the Reports (as defined
in Section  4.1(d)),  (ii)  outstanding  warrants,  options or other  securities
disclosed  in the  Reports.  All of the  issued  and  outstanding  shares of the
Company Capital Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully
paid and non-assessable.  Except for this Agreement, the 525,000 shares of Class
B Preferred Stock  referenced in Section 2.7, and an additional  37,885,033 that
will issue upon  effectiveness  of the  amendment to the  Company's  Articles of
Incorporation by which it will increase its authorized shares of Common Stock as
referenced in Section 4.1(m), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip,
rights  to  subscribe  to,  registration  rights,  calls or  commitments  of any
character   whatsoever  relating  to,  or  securities,   rights  or  obligations
convertible  into or  exchangeable  for,  or  giving  any  Person  any  right to
subscribe for or acquire,  any shares of the Company Common Stock, or contracts,
commitments,  understandings,  or  arrangements  by  which  the  Company  or any
Subsidiary  is or may become  bound to issue  additional  shares of the  Company
Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of
the Company  Common Stock.  None of the  outstanding  Company  Capital Stock was
issued in violation of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, or any other legal
requirement.

      (d) Financial  Statements.  The Company has delivered or made available to
RWT copies of its Form 10-KSB Annual Report for the fiscal years ended  February
28,  2003 and 2004 and copies of its  quarterly  reports on Form  10-QSB for the
quarters  ended May 31, 2003,  August 31, 2003 and  November  30, 2003,  each as
filed  with  the SEC  and  including,  in  each  case,  any  amendments  thereto
(collectively, the "Reports"). The financial statements contained in the Reports
are in all  material  respects in  accordance  with the books and records of the
Company and have been prepared in  accordance  with GAAP applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods  indicated,  all as more  particularly set forth in
the notes to such statements.  The consolidated balance sheets contained in such
Reports (the "Company Balance  Sheets") present fairly in all material  respects
as of their dates the  consolidated  financial  condition of the Company and its
subsidiaries.  Except as and to the extent  reflected or reserved against in the
Company Balance Sheets (including the notes thereto),  the Company did not have,
as of the date of any such Company  Balance Sheet,  any material  liabilities or
obligations  (absolute or  contingent)  of a nature  customarily  reflected in a
balance sheet or the notes thereto.  The consolidated  statements of operations,
consolidated  statements  of  stockholders'  equity and changes in  consolidated
statements of cash flows present fairly in all material  respects the results of
operations and changes in financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries
for the periods indicated.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      (e) SEC  Filings.  The Company has filed all reports  required to be filed
with the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") under the rules and
regulations  of the SEC and all  such  reports  have  complied  in all  material
respects,  as of their respective  filing dates and effective dates, as the case
may be, with all the applicable  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, except for the current 10-KSB which will be filed late and has
resulted in a temporary E symbol  attached to HYTT. As of the respective  filing
and effective dates, none of such reports  (including  without  limitation,  the
Reports) contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
material  fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in order to make the
statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were made,
not misleading.

      (f)  Absence  of  Material  Adverse  Effect.  Since the date of the latest
Company Balance Sheets, there have been no events,  changes or occurrences which
have had or are reasonably  likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect on Company
or Acquisition.

      (g) Issuance of Company  Securities.  The Company  Common Stock Shares and
Company  Preferred  Stock Shares when issued in accordance  with this Agreement,
and when issued the Company  Common Stock Shares  issuable on  conversion of the
Company Preferred Stock,  shall be duly authorized,  validly issued,  fully-paid
and nonassessable. The Company currently has, and at all times while the Company
Preferred Stock Shares are  outstanding  will maintain,  an adequate  reserve of
shares of the Company Common Stock to enable it to perform its obligations under
this Agreement.  Except as set forth in the Reports,  there is no equity line of
credit or convertible security or instrument outstanding of the Company.

      (h) Undisclosed  Liabilities.  Except as disclosed in any Schedule to this
Agreement, none of the Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries has any material
obligations and liabilities  (contingent or otherwise)  except those liabilities
(i) that are reflected in the Company Balance Sheets or in the notes thereto, or
disclosed in the notes therein in accordance with Generally Accepted  Accounting
Principles  ("GAAP")  or, in  accordance  with GAAP,  are not  required to be so
reflected or disclosed, or (ii) that were incurred after the date of the Company
Balance Sheets in the ordinary  course of business,  none of which results from,
arises out of,  relates  to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach of
contract,  breach of warranty, tort, infringement,  or violation of law or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (i) Taxes.

            i. The Company has filed or caused to be filed on a timely basis all
tax returns that are or were  required to be filed by it pursuant to  applicable
legal requirements.  The Company has paid, or made provision for the payment of,
all taxes that have or may have  become  due  pursuant  to those tax  returns or
otherwise,  or pursuant to any assessment  received by the Company,  except such
taxes,  if any, as are listed in the Company  Disclosure  Schedule and are being
contested in good faith as to which adequate  reserves have been provided in the
Company Balance Sheets.


                                       10
<PAGE>

            ii. All tax  returns  filed by the  Company  are true,  correct  and
complete in all material respects.

      (j) Employee  Benefits.  Except as  disclosed in the Reports,  the Company
does not sponsor or  otherwise  maintain a "pension  plan" within the meaning of
Section 3(2) of ERISA or any other retirement plan other than the Company Profit
Sharing and 401(k) Plan and Trust that is intended to qualify  under Section 401
of the IRC, nor do any unfunded  liabilities  exist with respect to any employee
benefit  plan,  past or present.  No employee  benefit  plan,  any trust created
thereunder or any trustee or administrator  thereof has engaged in a "prohibited
transaction,"  as defined in Section 4975 of the IRC,  which may have a Material
Adverse Effect.

      (k)  Governmental  Authorizations.  The Company and  Acquisition  have all
permits that are legally  required to enable them to conduct  their  business in
all material respects as now conducted.

      (l) Legal Proceedings; Orders.

            i. Except as set forth in the Reports,  there is no material pending
legal or administrative proceeding:

                  a.  that  has  been  commenced  by  or  against  the  Company,
Acquisition  or the  Subsidiaries,  or any of the  assets  owned or used by, the
Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries; or

                  b. that challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing,
delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with the Merger.

            ii. Except as set forth in the Reports:

            a.  there  is  no  material  order  to  which  the  Company  or  the
Subsidiaries,  or any of the assets owned or used by the Company, Acquisition or
the Subsidiaries, is subject; and

            b. no  officer,  director,  agent,  or  employee  of the  Company or
Acquisition  is  subject to any  material  order that  prohibits  such  officer,
director, agent or employee from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity
or practice relating to the business of the Company or Acquisition,  as the case
may be.

      (m)  Absence of Certain  Changes  and  Events.  Except as set forth in the
Reports and section 4.1(c) of this Agreement,  since the date of the most recent
Company Balance Sheets, the Company and the Subsidiaries and Acquisition,  since
the date of its inception,  have  conducted  their business only in the ordinary
course of  business,  and other than as  contemplated  by this  Agreement or the
Merger there has not been any:


                                       11
<PAGE>

            i. change in the authorized or issued  Company  Capital Stock except
as set forth in the Form 14C filed with the SEC on or about June 30, 2004, which
authorizes an additional eight hundred million  (800,000,000)  shares of Company
Common Stock, bringing the total authorized Company Common Stock to nine hundred
million (900,000,000) shares, and nine million (9,000,000)  additional shares of
Preferred Stock,  bringing the total  authorized  Preferred Stock to ten million
(10,000,000)  shares,  or the  authorized or issued capital stock of Acquisition
and the  Subsidiaries;  grant of any stock option or right to purchase shares of
capital stock of the Company;  issuance of any equity lines of credit,  security
convertible into such capital stock; grant of any registration rights; purchase,
redemption, retirement, or other acquisition or payment of any dividend or other
distribution or payment in respect of shares of capital stock;

            ii.  amendment  to the  Organizational  Documents  of  the  Company,
Acquisition or the Subsidiaries;

            iii.  damage  to or  destruction  or loss of any  material  asset or
property of the Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries, whether or not covered
by insurance, causing a Material Adverse Effect;

            iv. receipt of notice that any of their  substantial  customers have
terminated or intends to terminate their  relationship,  which termination would
have a Material Adverse Effect;

            v. entry into any  transaction  other than in the ordinary course of
business;

            vi.  entry  into,  termination  of, or receipt of written  notice of
termination  of  any  material  (i)  license,  distributorship,   dealer,  sales
representative, joint venture, credit, or similar agreement, or (ii) contract or
transaction  except the licensing of Hy-Tech Computer System's customer list and
website use to Encompass Group, Inc.;

            vii.  sale (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary  course of
business),  lease, or other disposition of any asset or property of the Company,
Acquisition or the Subsidiaries or mortgage,  pledge,  or imposition of any lien
or  other  encumbrance  on any  material  asset  or  property  of  the  Company,
Acquisition or the Subsidiaries;

            viii. cancellation or waiver of any claims or rights with a value to
the Company in excess of $10,000;

            ix. material  change in the accounting  methods used by the Company,
Acquisition or the Subsidiaries; or

            x. agreement,  whether oral or written, by the Company,  Acquisition
or the Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing.


                                       12
<PAGE>

      (n) No Default or Violation. The Company, Acquisition and the Subsidiaries
(i)  are  in  material   compliance  with  all  applicable  material  terms  and
requirements  of  each  material  contract  under  which  they  have  or had any
obligation  or  liability or by which they or any of the assets owned or used by
them  is or was  bound  and  (ii)  is not in  material  violation  of any  legal
requirement.

      (o) Certain  Payments.  Since the most recent date of the Company  Balance
Sheets, neither the Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries,  nor any director,
officer,  agent or employee of the Company or the  Subsidiaries  has directly or
indirectly (a) made any contribution,  gift, bribe,  rebate,  payoff,  influence
payment,  kickback or other payment to any Person, private or public, regardless
of form,  whether  in  money,  property  or  services  (i) to  obtain  favorable
treatment in securing business, (ii) to pay for favorable treatment for business
secured,  (iii) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already
obtained,  for or in respect of the Company,  Acquisition or the Subsidiaries or
(iv) in violation of any legal requirement, or (b) established or maintained any
fund or  asset  that has not been  recorded  in the  books  and  records  of the
Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries.

      (p) Brokers or Finders.  The Company and Acquisition have not incurred any
obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees
or  agents'  commissions  or other  similar  payment  in  connection  with  this
Agreement.

      4.2  Representations and Warranties of RWT. RWT hereby makes the following
representations  and  warranties to the Company,  all of which shall survive the
Closing, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.2 hereof:

      (a)  Organization,  Good Standing and Purpose.  RWT is a corporation  duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Maryland  with full power and  authority to conduct its  businesses as it is now
being  conducted,  to own or use the properties and assets that it owns or uses,
and  to  perform  all  of its  obligations  under  this  Agreement.  RWT  has no
subsidiary other than listed in Schedule 4.2(a)(1).  RWT is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing as a foreign  corporation in each  jurisdiction
in which either the ownership or use of the  properties  owned or used by it, or
the nature of the  activities  conducted  by it,  requires  such  qualification,
except for such failures to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a
Material Adverse Effect.

      (b) Authority; No Conflict.

            i. This Agreement and any agreement executed in connection  herewith
have been duly  authorized  by all  required  action of RWT and  constitute  the
legal,  valid  and  binding  obligations  of  RWT,  enforceable  against  RWT in
accordance with their  respective  terms.  RWT has the absolute and unrestricted
right,  power and  authority  to execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and any
agreements  executed  in  connection  herewith  and to perform  its  obligations
hereunder and there under.

            ii Neither the execution and delivery of this  Agreement by RWT, nor
the  consummation  or performance by it of any of its  obligations  contained in
this Agreement or in connection with the Merger by the Company will, directly or
indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):


                                       13
<PAGE>

                  a.  contravene,  conflict with or result in a violation of (x)
any  provision  of the  Organizational  Documents  of RWT or (y) any  resolution
adopted by the board of directors or the stockholders of RWT;

                  b.  contravene,  conflict with or result in a violation of, or
give any  governmental  body or other Person the right to  challenge  any of the
Merger  or to  exercise  any  remedy  or  obtain  any  relief  under,  any Legal
Requirement  or any Order to which RWT or any of the assets owned or used by RWT
may be subject;

                  c.  contravene,  conflict  with or  result in a  violation  or
breach of any provision of, or give any Person the right to declare a default or
exercise any remedy under,  or to accelerate the maturity or performance  of, or
to cancel,  terminate  or modify,  this  Agreement,  the RWT  Debentures  or any
Applicable Contract;

                  d.  result  in the  imposition  or  creation  of any  material
encumbrance  upon or with respect to any of the material assets owned or used by
RWT;

                  e. cause RWT to become subject to, or to become liable for the
payment of, any tax; or

                  f. cause any of the assets  owned by RWT to be  reassessed  or
revalued  by  any  taxing  authority  or  other  governmental  body,  except  in
connection  with the transfer of real estate  pursuant to this  Agreement or the
Merger.

            iii.  RWT is not  required to obtain any consent  from any Person in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation
or  performance of any of the Merger,  other than the requisite  approval of its
stockholders  (the  "RWT  Stockholders"),  which  approval  is  a  condition  to
completion of the Merger pursuant to Section 6.2(g).

      (c)  Capitalization.  The entire  authorized RWT Capital Stock consists of
fifty million (50,000,000) shares of RWT Common Stock, of which 4,567,799 shares
are issued and  outstanding  and held by the RWT  Stockholders  and ten  million
(10,000,000)  shares of  Preferred  Stock,  of which no shares  are  issued  and
outstanding. RWT has outstanding Two Hundred, Forty-eight Thousand Seven Hundred
Thirty (248,730) RWT Options to acquire RWT Common Stock.  With the exception of
the RWT Common Stock Shares and the RWT Options,  there are no other outstanding
equity or debt  securities of the Company.  No legend or other  reference to any
purported  encumbrance appears upon any certificate  representing the RWT Common
Stock  outstanding  shares,  other than applicable  Securities Act legends.  The
outstanding RWT Common Stock Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully paid and non-assessable.  Except for the RWT Options, there are no
outstanding options, voting agreements or arrangements,  warrants, scrip, rights
to subscribe to,  registration  rights,  calls or  commitments  of any character
whatsoever relating to, or, securities,  rights or obligations  convertible into
or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of RWT Capital Stock or other securities, or contracts,  commitments,
understandings,  or  arrangements  by which RWT is or may become  bound to issue


                                       14
<PAGE>

additional  shares of RWT Capital  Stock or other  securities,  or securities or
rights  convertible  or  exchangeable  into shares of RWT Capital Stock or other
securities.  Except as set  forth in the RWT  Financial  Statements,  RWT has no
outstanding equity, debt, debt or equity equivalent security,  or debt or equity
lines of credit.  None of the outstanding RWT Common Stock Shares were issued in
violation of the  Securities  Act or any other legal  requirement.  RWT does not
own,  and,  except for this  Agreement,  has no contract to acquire,  any equity
securities or other securities of any Person or any direct or indirect equity or
ownership  interest in any other  business.  The  outstanding  RWT Common  Stock
Shares have been duly authorized, and are fully paid and nonassessable.

      (d) Financial Statements. RWT has delivered its financial statements as of
and for the fiscal year ended  December  31, 2004 and the five months  ended May
31,  2004  (the "RWT  Financial  Statements"),  copies  of which  RWT  Financial
Statements are included in Schedule  4.2(d).  The RWT Financial  Statements were
prepared in  accordance  with GAAP and present the  financial  condition and the
results of  operations  of RWT as of and for the fiscal year ended  December 31,
2004 and the five  months  ended  May 31,  2004.  A  review  of RWT's  financial
statements  as of and for the fiscal year ended  December  31, 2004 and the five
months ended May 31, 2004, is also being  prepared by RWT's auditors and will be
delivered to the Company once it is available to RWT.

      (e) Absence of Material Adverse Effect.  Since the date of the most recent
RWT Balance Sheet  provided  under  Section  4.2(d)  hereof,  there have been no
events, changes or occurrences which have had or are reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect on RWT.

      (f) Books and Records.  The books of account,  minute books,  stock record
books,  and other  records of RWT, all of which have been made  available to the
Company and  original  copies of which will be  delivered  to the Company at the
Closing,  are  complete  and  correct  in all  material  respects  and have been
maintained  in  accordance   with  sound  business   practices,   including  the
maintenance of an adequate system of internal controls.  The minute books of RWT
contain  accurate and complete  records of all meetings  held of, and  corporate
action taken by, the stockholders, the Board of Directors, and any committees of
the Board of Directors of RWT.

      (g) No Undisclosed Liabilities.  There are no material liabilities of RWT,
whether absolute,  accrued,  contingent, or otherwise, other than those that are
set forth in the RWT Balance Sheet.

      (h) Title to Properties;  Encumbrances.  RWT has good and marketable title
to all the  properties,  interest  in  such  properties  and  assets,  real  and
personal,  reflected in the RWT Balance Sheet or acquired after the date of such
balance  sheet,  free and clear of all  mortgages,  liens,  pledges,  charges or
encumbrances  except (i)  mortgages  and other  encumbrances  referred to in the
notes to the RWT  Balance  Sheet.  RWT owns no real  property.  RWT  leases  two
offices in Ft. Myers, Florida.


                                       15
<PAGE>

      (i) Legal Proceedings; Orders.

            i.  Except  as set  forth in  Schedule  4.2(i)  hereto,  there is no
pending legal or administrative proceeding:

                  a. that has been  commenced or threatened by or against RWT or
any of its officers,  directors,  agents or employees as such or that  otherwise
relates to or may affect the business of, or any of the assets owned or used by,
RWT; or

                  b. that challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing,
delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, any Merger.

            ii. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.2(i) hereto:

                  a. there is no order to which RWT, or any of the assets  owned
or used by RWT, is subject; and

                  b. no officer,  director, agent, or employee of RWT is subject
to any order that  prohibits  such  officer,  director,  agent or employee  from
engaging in or  continuing  any  conduct,  activity or practice  relating to the
business of RWT.

      (j) [Intentionally omitted]

      (k) [Intentionally omitted]

      (l) Taxes.

            i. RWT has  filed or  caused  to be filed on a timely  basis all tax
returns that are or were required to be filed by it pursuant to applicable Legal
Requirements. RWT has paid, or made provision for the payment of, all taxes that
have or may have  become due  pursuant  to those tax  returns or  otherwise,  or
pursuant to any assessment  received by RWT,  except such taxes,  if any, as are
listed in Schedule  4.2(l)  hereto and are being  contested  in good faith as to
which adequate reserves have been provided in the RWT Balance Sheets.

            ii. All tax returns  filed by RWT are true,  correct and complete in
all material  respects and no taxes are currently  owed or tax returns due by or
on behalf of RWT.

      (m) Absence of Certain Changes and Events. Except as set forth in Schedule
4.2(m) hereto,  since the date of the RWT Balance  Sheet,  RWT has conducted its
business  only in the  Ordinary  Course  of  Business,  there  has not  been any
Material Adverse Effect on RWT, and there has not been any:

            i. change in the authorized or issued capital stock of RWT; grant of
any stock option or right to purchase  shares of capital stock of RWT;  issuance
of any security  convertible into such capital stock;  grant of any registration
rights; purchase, redemption, retirement, or other acquisition or payment of any
dividend or other distribution or payment in respect of shares of capital stock;


                                       16
<PAGE>

            ii. amendment to the Organizational Documents of RWT;

            iii.  damage to or  destruction  or loss of any asset or property of
RWT,  whether or not covered by  insurance  or any other event or  circumstance,
materially and adversely affecting the properties,  assets, business,  financial
condition, or prospects of RWT;

            iv.  receipt of notice that any of its  substantial  customers  have
terminated or intends to terminate their  relationship,  which termination would
have a Material Adverse Effect on RWT;

            v. entry into any  transaction  other than in the ordinary course of
business;

            vi.  entry  into,  termination  of, or receipt of written  notice of
termination of any (i) license,  distributorship,  dealer, sales representative,
joint venture, credit, or similar agreement, or (ii) contract or transaction;

                  vii.  sale  (other  than sales of  inventory  in the  ordinary
course of business), lease, or other disposition of any asset or property of RWT
or mortgage, pledge, or imposition of any lien or other encumbrance on any asset
or property of RWT;

            viii. cancellation or waiver of any claims or rights with a value to
RWT in excess of $10,000;

            ix. material change in the accounting methods used by RWT;

            x.  accrual  or  payment  of any  salaries  or  other  compensation,
increase in  salaries,  compensation  or bonuses or  retention or hiring of, any
consultant or employee;

            xi. debt or other liability incurred, other than the RWT Debentures;
or

            xii.  agreement,  whether  oral or written,  by RWT to do any of the
foregoing.

      (n) Compliance with Law. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.2(n) hereto:

            i. RWT has complied in all  material  respects  with,  and is not in
violation  of, in any material  respect,  any Law to which it or its business is
subject; and

            ii. RWT has obtained all licenses,  permits,  certificates  or other
governmental  authorizations  (collectively  "Authorizations") necessary for the
ownership or use of its assets and  properties  or the conduct of its  business;
and

            (iii) RWT has not received  written notice of violation of, or knows
of any material violation of, any Laws to which it or its business is subject or
any  Authorization  necessary  for  the  ownership  or  use of  its  assets  and
properties or the conduct of its business.

                                       17
<PAGE>

      (o)  Environmental  Laws. RWT has not received any notice or claim (and is
not aware of any facts that would form a  reasonable  basis for any  claim),  or
entered into any  negotiations or agreements with any other person,  and, to the
best  knowledge  of RWT,  RWT is not the  subject  of any  investigation  by any
governmental  or  regulatory  authority,  domestic or  foreign,  relating to any
material  or  potentially  material  liability  or  remedial  action  under  any
environmental  laws.  There  are  no  pending  or,  to  the  knowledge  of  RWT,
threatened,  actions, suits or proceedings against RWT or any of its properties,
assets or  operations  asserting  any such  material  liability  or seeking  any
material remedial action in connection with any environmental laws.

      (p)  Intellectual  Property.  (i) RWT  owns,  or is  validly  licensed  or
otherwise has the right to use, all patents,  and patent rights  ("Patents") and
all trademarks, trade secrets, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights,
service  marks,   service  mark  rights,   copyrights   and  other   proprietary
intellectual  property rights and computer programs (the "Intellectual  Property
Rights"),  in each case,  which are  material to the conduct of the  business of
RWT.

            (i) To the  best  knowledge  of RWT,  RWT has not  interfered  with,
infringed upon (without license to infringe),  misappropriated or otherwise come
into conflict with any Patent of any other Person.  RWT has not interfered with,
infringed  upon,  misappropriated  or  otherwise  come  into  conflict  with any
Intellectual  Property  Rights of any other  Person.  RWT has not  received  any
written  charge,   complaint,   claim,   demand  or  notice  alleging  any  such
interference, infringement, appropriation or violation (including any claim that
RWT must  license or refrain  from using any  Patents or  Intellectual  Property
Rights of any  other  Person)  which has not been  settled  or  otherwise  fully
resolved.  Except as set forth on Schedule  4.2(p) to the best knowledge of RWT,
no other  Person  has  interfered  with,  infringed  upon  (without  license  to
infringe),  misappropriated  or otherwise come into conflict with any Patents or
Intellectual Property Rights of RWT.

                  (q)  Employees.  (a) RWT has complied in all respects with all
applicable  Laws  respecting  employment  and  employment  practices,  terms and
conditions of employment, wages and hours, and RWT is not liable for any arrears
of wages or any taxes or penalties for failure to comply with any such Laws; (b)
RWT believes that RWT's relations with its employees is satisfactory;  (c) there
are no  controversies  pending  or,  to the best  knowledge  of RWT,  threatened
between RWT and any of its employees or former employees; (d) RWT is not a party
to any collective  bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable
to persons  employed by RWT,  nor, to the best  knowledge  of RWT, are there any
activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees; (e)
there are no unfair labor  practice  complaints  pending  against RWT before the
National Labor  Relations  Board or any current union  representation  questions
involving employees of RWT; (f) there is no strike,  slowdown,  work stoppage or
lockout  existing,  or, to the best  knowledge  of RWT,  threatened,  by or with
respect to any  employees  of RWT;  (g) no charges are pending  before the Equal
Employment  Opportunity  Commission  or  any  state,  local  or  foreign  agency
responsible for the prevention of unlawful employment  practices with respect to
RWT;  (h)  there  are  no  claims  pending   against  RWT  before  any  workers'
compensation  board;  (i) RWT has not received  notice that any Federal,  state,
local or foreign agency  responsible  for the enforcement of labor or employment
laws intends to conduct an  investigation of or relating to RWT and, to the best
knowledge  of RWT,  no such  investigation  is in  progress;  and (j) RWT has no
consultants or independent contractors.

                                       18
<PAGE>

      (r) Employee Benefit Plans.  There are no "employee pension benefit plans"
(as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of
1974, as amended  ("ERISA")) or "employee  welfare benefit plans" (as defined in
Section 3(1) of ERISA) maintained,  or contributed to, by RWT for the benefit of
any current or any former employees, officers or directors of RWT.

      (s)  Governmental  Authorizations.  RWT has all  permits  that are legally
required to enable it to conduct their business in all material  respects as now
conducted.

      (t) No Default or Violation.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.2(t),  RWT
(i)  is  in  material   compliance  with  all  applicable   material  terms  and
requirements of each material  contract under which it has or had any obligation
or  liability  or by which it or any of the assets owned or used by it is or was
bound and (ii) is not in material violation of any legal requirement.

      (u) Certain  Payments.  Since the most recent date of RWT Balance  Sheets,
neither RWT, nor any director, officer, agent or employee of RWT has directly or
indirectly (a) made any contribution,  gift, bribe,  rebate,  payoff,  influence
payment,  kickback or other payment to any Person, private or public, regardless
of form,  whether  in  money,  property  or  services  (i) to  obtain  favorable
treatment in securing business, (ii) to pay for favorable treatment for business
secured,  (iii) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already
obtained,  for  or in  respect  of  RWT  or  (iv)  in  violation  of  any  legal
requirement,  or (b)  established  or maintained  any fund or asset that has not
been recorded in the books and records of RWT.

      (v) Brokers or Finders.  RWT has not incurred any obligation or liability,
contingent or otherwise,  for brokerage or finders' fees or agents'  commissions
or other similar payment in connection with this Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    COVENANTS

      5.1 Covenants of the Company and Acquisition.

      (a) Conduct of Business.  Between the date hereof and up to and  including
the Closing Date, each of the Company and Acquisition shall:

            i. conduct its business only in the ordinary course of business;

            ii. use its commercially  reasonable  efforts to preserve intact the
current business  organization of the Company and  Acquisition,  as the case may
be, keep available the services of the current officers, employees and agents of
the Company and Acquisition,  as the case may be, and maintain the relations and
good will with suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, employees, agents and
others having business  relationships  with the Company and Acquisition,  as the
case may be;

                                       19
<PAGE>

            iii. not pay, incur or declare any dividends or  distributions  with
respect  to its  stockholders  or amend  its  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or
By-Laws;

            iv. not  authorize  [except as  described in the Form 14C filed with
the SEC  and  delivered  to  shareholders  on or  about  June  30,  2004,  which
authorizes an additional eight hundred million  (800,000,000)  shares of Company
Common Stock (bringing the total authorized Company Common Stock to nine hundred
million  (900,000,000) shares, and an additional nine million (9,000,000) shares
of Preferred Stock (bringing the total authorized Preferred Stock to ten million
(10,000,000) shares],  issue, sell, purchase or redeem any shares of its capital
stock or any options or other rights to acquire ownerships interests, except for
37,885,033 shares that are issuable to Company employees if and when the Company
amends its  Organizational  Documents as described in said Form 14C or elsewhere
in this Agreement;

            v. not incur any  indebtedness  for money borrowed or issue any debt
securities, or incur or suffer to be incurred any liability or obligation of any
nature whatsoever,  except those incurred in the ordinary course of business, or
cause or permit any  material  lien,  encumbrance  or  security  interest  to be
created or arise on or in respect of any material  portion of its  properties or
assets;

            vi. not make any  investment of a capital nature either by purchased
stock or securities, contribution to capital, property transfer or otherwise, or
by the purchase of any property or assets of any other Person;

            vii.  not do any other act which would cause any  representation  or
warranty of the Company in this Agreement to be or become untrue in any material
respect or that is not in the Ordinary Course of Business;

      (b) Proposals;  Other Offers.  Commencing on the date of execution of this
Agreement  up to and  including  the  Closing  Date,  each  of the  Company  and
Acquisition  shall not, directly or indirectly  (whether through an employee,  a
representative,  an agent or  otherwise),  solicit or encourage any inquiries or
proposals,  engage in negotiations for or consent to or enter into any agreement
providing  for the  acquisition  of its  business,  except for the  divesture of
Company's  subsidiary,  Hy-Tech  Computer  Systems,  Inc. to Aegis.  Each of the
Company and Acquisition  shall not,  directly or indirectly  (whether through an
employee,  a  representative,  an agent or  otherwise)  disclose  any  nonpublic
information  relating to the Company and  Acquisition or afford access to any of
the books,  records or other  properties of the Company and  Acquisition  to any
person or entity  that is  considering,  has  considered  or is making  any such
acquisition  inquiry or proposal  relating to the  Company's  and  Acquisition's
business.

      (c) Further Assurances. Prior to the Closing Date, with the cooperation of
RWT  where   appropriate,   each  of  the  Company  and  Acquisition  shall  use
commercially reasonable efforts to:

            i. promptly comply with all filing requirements which federal, state
or local law may impose on the Company or Acquisition,  as the case may be, with
respect to the Merger and this Agreement; and

                                       20
<PAGE>

            ii.  take all  actions  necessary  to be taken,  make any filing and
obtain  any  consent,   authorization   or  approval  of  or  exemption  by  any
governmental  authority,  regulatory  agency or any other third party (including
without limitation,  any landlord or lessor of the Company and any party to whom
notification  is  required to be  delivered  or from whom any form of consent is
required)  which  is  required  to be  filed  or  obtained  by  the  Company  or
Acquisition in connection with the Merger by this Agreement.

      (d) Post Closing  Covenants.  From and after the Closing Date, the Company
agrees that it shall:

            i. in the event  that the  Company  issues  any shares of its Common
Stock in settlement of any debt or obligation that existed at Closing, excluding
Allowable Debt as defined in Section  6.1(c),  (the "Debt  Settlement  Shares"),
then as promptly as  practical,  the Company  shall,  in addition to the Company
Common Stock Shares issued pursuant to Section 2.1(a), issue in the aggregate to
all of the holders of RWT Common Stock at Closing, an amount of shares of Common
Stock  equal to the Debt  Settlement  Shares,  such  issuance  to be pro rata in
proportion to such holders' holdings of RWT Common Stock at Closing.

            ii. in the event that the Company is unable to pay its  attorneys or
if RWT is unable to pay its  attorneys in cash for services  rendered,  then the
Company shall issue to all such attorneys  shares of its Common Stock in payment
for such  services  and file a  registration  statement  on Form S-8  under  the
Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  in order to allow the resale of the common
stock so  issued,  provided  further  that the  parties  hereto  agree that this
Section  4(d)ii is being relied upon by said  attorneys and that they shall have
an absolute right to sue under this Section 4(d)ii as third party  beneficiaries
hereof.

            iii. in the event that prior to the Closing Date the Company  issues
any  shares  of its  Common  Stock  in  excess  of  one  hundred  forty  million
(140,000,000) of such shares (such amount the "Excess Pre-closing Shares"), then
at the Closing the Company shall, in addition to the Company Common Stock Shares
to be issued  pursuant to Section  2.1(a),  issue in the aggregate to all of the
holders  of RWT Common  Stock at  Closing,  an amount of shares of Common  Stock
equal  to the  Excess  Pre-closing  Shares,  such  issuance  to be pro  rata  in
proportion to such holders' holdings of RWT Common Stock.

      5.2 Covenants of RWT.

      (a) Conduct of Business.  Between the date hereof and up to and  including
the Closing Date, RWT shall:

            i. conduct its business only in the Ordinary Course of Business;

            ii. use its commercially  reasonable  efforts to preserve intact the
current business organization of RWT, keep available the services of the current
officers,  employees and agents of RWT, and maintain the relations and good will
with suppliers,  customers,  landlords,  creditors, employees, agents and others
having business relationships with RWT;

                                       21
<PAGE>

            iii. not pay, incur or declare any dividends or  distributions  with
respect  to its  stockholders  or amend  its  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or
By-Laws;

            iv. not authorize, issue, sell, purchase or redeem any shares of its
capital stock or any options or other rights to acquire ownerships interests;

            v. not incur any  indebtedness  for money borrowed or issue and debt
securities, or incur or suffer to be incurred any liability or obligation of any
nature whatsoever, or cause or permit any material lien, encumbrance or security
interest to be created or arise on or in respect of any material  portion of its
properties or assets;

            vi. not make any  investment of a capital nature either by purchased
stock or securities, contribution to capital, property transfer or otherwise, or
by the purchase of any property or assets of any other person;

            vii.  not do any other  act  which  would  cause  representation  or
warranty of RWT in this Agreement to be or become untrue in any material respect
or that is not in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

      (b) Proposals;  Other Offers.  Commencing on the date of execution of this
Agreement  through  the Closing  Date,  RWT shall not,  directly  or  indirectly
(whether through an employee, a representative,  an agent or otherwise), solicit
or encourage any inquiries or proposals,  engage in negotiations  for or consent
to or enter into any agreement  providing for the  acquisition  of its business.
RWT  shall  not,  directly  or  indirectly  (whether  through  an  employee,   a
representative,  an agent  or  otherwise)  disclose  any  nonpublic  information
relating  to RWT  or  afford  access  to any of  the  books,  records  or  other
properties of RWT to any person or entity that is considering, has considered or
is  making  any such  acquisition  inquiry  or  proposal  relating  to the RWT's
business.

      (c) Further Assurances. Prior to the Closing Date, with the cooperation of
the Company where appropriate, RWT shall:

            i. promptly comply with all filing requirements which federal, state
or local law may impose on RWT with respect to the Merger and this Agreement and
cooperate with the Company regarding the same; and

            ii.  take all  actions  necessary  to be taken,  make any filing and
obtain  any  consent,   authorization   or  approval  of  or  exemption  by  any
governmental  authority,  regulatory  agency or any other third party (including
without  limitation,  any  landlord  or  lessor  of RWT  and any  party  to whom
notification  is  required to be  delivered  or from whom any form of consent is
required)  which is required to be filed or obtained by RWT in  connection  with
the Merger and this Agreement.

      (d) Actions by RWT. RWT shall take no action or enter into any  agreements
or arrangements except as may be required by this Agreement.

      (e) No Change in Capital  Stock.  Prior to the  Effective  Time, no change
will be made in the authorized,  issued or outstanding capital stock of RWT, and
no subscriptions,  options, rights,  warrants,  calls, commitments or agreements
relating to the authorized,  issued or outstanding  capital stock of RWT will be
entered into, issued, granted or created.

                                       22
<PAGE>

      (f) Access to Additional Agreements and Information.  Prior to the Closing
Date,  RWT  shall  make  available  to the  Company  (as  well  as its  counsel,
accountants  and  other  representatives)  any  and all  agreements,  contracts,
documents, other instruments and personnel material of RWT's business, including
without  limitation,  those contracts to which RWT is a party and those by which
its business or any of RWT's assets are bound.

      (g) Name Change of the  Company.  If the Company has not effected a change
of its name to Innova  Holdings,  Inc.,  prior to the Effective  Date,  RWT will
assist  the  Company  in  its   solicitation  of  RWT  stockholders  who  became
stockholders  of the Company by virtue of this  Agreement,  it being  understood
however,  that such  stockholders  may not so approve  the name  change,  and no
representation to that effect is being made by RWT hereby.

      5.3 Governmental  Filings and Consents.  The Company,  Acquisition and RWT
shall cooperate with one another in filing any necessary  applications,  reports
or other  documents  with any federal or state  agencies,  authorities or bodies
having jurisdiction with respect to the business of the Company,  Acquisition or
RWT and in seeking any  necessary  approval,  consultation  or prompt  favorable
action of, with or by any of such agencies,  authorities or bodies. In addition,
the Company and RWT shall  cooperate with one another in taking steps  necessary
to cause the  financial  statements of RWT for its fiscal years 2002 and 2003 to
be audited within 60 days of the Effective Time.

      5.4 Publicity.  Any public  announcement or press release relating to this
Agreement  or the  Merger  must be  approved  by RWT and the  Company in writing
before being made or released. The Company shall have the right to issue a press
release  or make other  disclosure  without  RWT's  written  approval  if in the
opinion of the Company's  counsel such a release is necessary to comply with SEC
Rules and  Regulations or other Law;  provided that, RWT receives a copy of such
prepared press release or other  disclosures  for purposes of review at least 24
hours  before it is  issued.  This 24 hour  period  may be  shortened  if in the
opinion of the  Company's  counsel it is required  by Law;  provided  that,  RWT
receives a copy of such  release as long as  reasonably  practical  before it is
issued.

      5.5 Tax Returns.  The current officers of the Company shall have the right
to prepare any tax returns of the Company  with  respect to any period that ends
on or before the Closing  Date.  Such tax returns  shall be timely  filed by the
Company.  RWT shall  cooperate with said officers in the preparation of such tax
returns.

                                   CONDITIONS

      6.1  Conditions to Obligations of RWT. The obligation of RWT to consummate
the Merger is subject to the  fulfillment  of each of the following  conditions,
any of which may be waived by RWT in its sole discretion:

      (a) Copies of  Resolutions.  At the  Closing  (i) the  Company  shall have
furnished RWT with a certificate of its CEO or President, as the case may be, in
the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(a)(1)  annexed hereto,  certifying that attached thereto
are copies of resolutions  duly adopted by the board of directors of the Company

                                       23
<PAGE>

authorizing  the execution,  delivery and  performance of this Agreement and all
other necessary or proper  corporate action to enable the Company to comply with
the terms of this Agreement and (ii) Acquisition shall have furnished RWT with a
certificate of its CEO or President,  as the case may be, in the form of EXHIBIT
6.1(A)(2)  annexed  hereto,  certifying  that  attached  thereto  are  copies of
resolutions  duly adopted by the board of directors of  Acquisition  authorizing
the  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of this  Agreement  and  all  other
necessary or proper  corporate  action to enable  Acquisition to comply with the
terms of this Agreement.

      (b) [Intentionally omitted].

      (c) Matters  Concerning  the Company.  On the Closing Date (i) the Company
shall have no more than one  hundred  forty  million  (140,000,000)  outstanding
shares of Company  Common  Stock;  (ii) the Company  shall have  negotiated  the
divesture of its subsidiary,  Hy-Tech Computer Systems,  Inc., which divestiture
shall (A) include payment to the purchaser of shares of Company Common Stock and
not more than one hundred fifty thousand  dollars  ($150,000) cash and (B) close
as  soon  as  practicable  following  the  Effective  Time;  and  (iii)  and all
outstanding  debt of the  Company  shall  have  been paid or  provided  for with
arrangements satisfactory to RWT, in its discretion,  except for an aggregate of
not more than two hundred thirty thousand dollars ($230,000) of Convertible Debt
(the  "Allowable  Debt").  On the Closing  Date,  the  Company  shall have total
authorized  Company Common Stock of nine hundred million  (900,000,000)  shares,
and total authorized Preferred Stock of ten million (10,000,000) shares. [On the
Closing  Date,  the  Company's  Common  Stock shall be trading  under the symbol
HYTT.OB]

      (d) Employment Agreements. At Closing,  documentation necessary to reflect
the  assumption by the Company of the Employment  Agreements  with Walter Weisel
and Sheri Aws,  annexed hereto as EXHIBITS L-1 AND L-2, shall have been executed
and delivered.

      (e) Accrued Salaries Due Personnel and/or  Consultants of Company and RWT.
The Company shall offer to pay all  consultants and personnel of Company and RWT
all accrued salaries and consulting fees by issuance of Company shares of common
stock valued at $.01 per share (the  "Compensation  Shares"),  said Compensation
Shares to comprise  16,133,333 Shares to be issued to Altos Bancorp;  13,951,700
Shares to be issued to  Martin  Nielson;  3,900,000  Shares to be issued to Gary
McNear;  and  3,900,000  Shares  to be  issued  to  Craig  Conklin.  All  of the
Compensation  Shares shall be registered on a Form S-8 (to the extent  permitted
under the rules for use of Form  S-8) and the  holders  shall  have the right to
sell up to 1/4th of the Compensation Shares each quarter subject only to a right
of the Board of  Directors  to limit the  amount and  timing if  believed  to be
reasonably  necessary.  If any limitation is imposed,  such limitation  shall be
applied  prorate to the holders of  Compensation  Shares  based on the number of
Compensation  Shares held by a holder to the total Compensation  Shares proposed
to be sold.  All of the Company  personnel and  consultants  will be required to
agree  to  accept  the  Compensation  Shares  in  full  payment  of the  Company
obligation to them before the issuance of such shares.

      (f) Accuracy of Representations and Warranties;  Performance of Covenants.
Each of the  representations  and warranties of the Company and  Acquisition set
forth in this Agreement was true,  correct and complete in all material respects

                                       24
<PAGE>

when made (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific
date, which  representations  and warranties shall be true, correct and complete
in all  material  respects as of such date) and shall also be true,  correct and
complete in all  material  respects at and as of the  Closing  Date  (except for
representations  and  warranties  that  speak  as  of  a  specific  date,  which
representations  and  warranties  shall be true,  correct  and  complete  in all
material respects as of such date), with the same force and effect as if made at
and as of the Closing Date. The Company shall have performed and complied in all
material  respects with all agreements and covenants  required by this Agreement
to be performed by the Company and Acquisition at or prior to the Closing Date.

      (g) Delivery of Certificate. (A) The Company shall have delivered to RWT a
certificate,  in the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(F)(1) annexed hereto, dated the Closing
Date,  and signed by the CEO or  President  of the  Company  affirming  that the
representations  and  warranties  as set forth in Section 4.1 were and are true,
correct and  complete as required by Section  6.1(e) and (B)  Acquisition  shall
have delivered to RWT a certificate,  in the form of EXHIBIT  6.1(F)(2)  annexed
hereto,  dated  the  Closing  Date,  and  signed  by  the  CEO or  President  of
Acquisition  affirming that the  representations  and warranties as set forth in
Section  4.1 were and are true,  correct  and  complete  as  required by Section
6.1(e).

      (h) Consents and Waivers. At the Closing,  any and all necessary consents,
authorizations, orders or approvals shall have been obtained, except as the same
shall have been waived by RWT.

            (i)  Litigation.  On the Closing  Date,  there shall be no effective
injunction,  writ or  preliminary  restraining  order  or any  order of any kind
whatsoever with respect to the Company issued by a court or governmental  agency
(or other  governmental  or  regulatory  authority)  of  competent  jurisdiction
restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger or making consummation
thereof unduly  burdensome to RWT. On the Closing Date and immediately  prior to
consummation of the Merger,  no proceeding or lawsuit shall have been commenced,
be pending or have been threatened by any  governmental or regulatory  agency or
authority or any other Person restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the
Merger.

      (j)  Delivery of  Documents  and Other  Information.  Prior to the Closing
Date, the Company and Acquisition  shall have made available or delivered to RWT
all of the agreements,  contracts,  documents and other instruments requested by
RWT.

      (k)  Registration  Rights  Agreement.  The Company shall have executed and
delivered the Registration Rights Agreement annexed hereto as EXHIBIT J.

      (l) Lock Up Agreement.  Each of Martin Nielson, Gary McNear, Craig Conklin
and Altos BanCorp,  Inc. shall have entered into a Lock Up Agreement in the form
of EXHIBIT K hereto.

      (m) Indemnification. Company shall indemnify Walter Weisel (1) against any
personal  liability  he may have as a result of his  personal  guarantee  of the
indebtedness  and  liabilities  of RWT  and  its  subsidiaries  incurred  in the
Ordinary  Course of Business (2) for actions  taken as an officer or director of
RWT or its subsidiaries to the fullest extent allowed by Delaware law.

                                       25
<PAGE>

      6.2  Conditions  to  Obligations  of  the  Company  and  Acquisition.  The
obligation of the Company and Acquisition to consummate the Merger is subject to
the fulfillment of each of the following conditions,  any of which may be waived
by the Company and Acquisition, in their sole discretion:

      (a) Copies of  Resolutions.  At the Closing,  RWT shall have furnished the
Company  with a  certificate  of its  President,  in the form of EXHIBIT  6.2(A)
annexed hereto,  certifying that attached thereto are copies of resolutions duly
adopted by the board of directors of RWT authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance  of the terms of this  Agreement  and all other  necessary or proper
corporate action to enable RWT to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

      (b) [Intentionally omitted]

      (c) RWT Debt. At the Closing,  RWT's outstanding debt shall consist of not
more than (i) an SBA loan of one million dollars ($1,000,000); (ii) bank debt of
Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000); and (iii) accounts payable not to
exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000).

      (d) Accuracy of Representations and Warranties;  Performance of Covenants.
Each of the representations and warranties of RWT was true, correct and complete
in all material  respects when made (except for  representations  and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, which  representations and warranties shall be
true,  correct and complete in all material  respects as of such date) and shall
also be true,  correct and  complete in all  material  respects at and as of the
Closing  Date  (except for  representations  and  warranties  that speak as of a
specific date, which  representations  and warranties shall be true, correct and
complete in all  material  respects  as of such  date),  with the same force and
effect as if made at and as of the Closing  Date.  RWT shall have  performed and
complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants  required by
this Agreement to be performed by RWT at or prior to the Closing Date.

      (e)  Delivery of  Certificate.  RWT shall have  delivered to the Company a
certificate,  in the form of EXHIBIT  6.2(E) annexed  hereto,  dated the Closing
Date  and  signed  by  the  CEO  or  President  of  RWT,   affirming   that  the
representations  and  warranties of RWT as set forth in Section 4.2 were and are
true,  correct  and  complete  and  RWT's  agreements  and  covenants  have been
performed as required by Section 6.2(d).

      (f) [Intentionally omitted].

      (g)  Consents and Waivers.  On or prior to the Closing  Date,  any and all
necessary consents,  authorizations,  orders or approvals, including approval by
not less than two thirds (2/3) of the outstanding RWT Common Stock Shares, shall
have been  obtained,  except as the same shall have been waived by the  Company,
provided  however,  that in no event may the requirement of approval by not less
than two thirds (2/3) of the outstanding RWT Common Stock Shares be waived.

                                       26
<PAGE>

      (h)  Litigation.  On  the  Closing  Date,  there  shall  be  no  effective
injunction,  writ or  preliminary  restraining  order  or any  order of any kind
whatsoever  with  respect  to RWT issued by a court or  governmental  agency (or
other   governmental   or  regulatory   authority)  of  competent   jurisdiction
restraining  or  prohibiting  the  consummation  of the  Merger  or  making  the
consummation  thereof  unduly  burdensome  to the Company or RWT. On the Closing
Date,  no  proceeding  or lawsuit  shall have been  commenced,  threatened or be
pending or by any  governmental  or regulatory  agency or authority or any other
person with respect to the Merger.

      (i)  Delivery of  Documents  and Other  Information.  Prior to the Closing
Date,  RWT shall have made  available  or  delivered  to the  Company all of the
agreements,  contracts, documents and other instruments required to be delivered
pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

      (j) Accrued Salaries Due Personnel and/or  Consultants of Company and RWT.
The Company shall offer to pay all  consultants and personnel of Company and RWT
all accrued salaries and consulting fees by issuance of Company shares of common
stock  valued  at  $.01  per  share  (the  "Compensation  Shares").  All  of the
Compensation  Shares shall be registered on a Form S-8 (to the extent  permitted
under the rules for use of Form  S-8) and the  holders  shall  have the right to
sell up to 1/4th of the Compensation Shares each quarter subject only to a right
of the Board of  Directors  to limit the  amount and  timing if  believed  to be
reasonably  necessary.  If any limitation is imposed,  such limitation  shall be
applied  prorate to the holders of  Compensation  Shares  based on the number of
Compensation  Shares held by a holder to the total Compensation  Shares proposed
to be sold. All of the RWT personnel and  consultants  will be required to agree
to accept the Compensation  Shares in full payment of the RWT obligation to them
before the issuance of such shares.

      (k) Indemnification.  Company shall indemnify Martin Nielson,  Gary McNear
and Craig Conklin  against any personal  liability  they may have as a result of
(1) their personal  guarantees of the indebtedness  and liabilities  incurred of
Company and its subsidiaries incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business (2) for
actions  taken as an  officer or  director  of HYTT or its  subsidiaries  to the
fullest extent allowed by Delaware law.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION

      7.1 Termination by Mutual  Agreement.  This Agreement may be terminated at
any time by mutual consent of the parties hereto,  provided that such consent to
terminate is in writing and is signed by each of the parties hereto.

      7.2   Termination   for  Failure  to  Close.   This  Agreement   shall  be
automatically   terminated  if  the  Closing  shall  not  have  occurred  within
forty-five  (45)  days of the  date  hereof  (except  if such  45th day is not a
Business Day, then the next Business Day).

      7.3  Termination  by Operation of Law. This Agreement may be terminated by
any party hereto if there shall be any statute,  rule or regulation that renders
consummation  of the  Merger  illegal  or  otherwise  prohibited,  or a court of
competent jurisdiction or any government (or governmental  authority) shall have

                                       27
<PAGE>

issued an order,  decree or ruling,  or has taken any other action  restraining,
enjoining or otherwise  prohibiting the  consummation of such  transactions  and
such  order,  decree,  ruling  or other  action  shall  have  become  final  and
nonappealable.

      7.4  Termination  for Failure to Perform  Covenants  or  Conditions.  This
Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing Date:

                  (a) By RWT if: (i) any of the  representations  and warranties
made in this  Agreement by the Company or  Acquisition  shall not be  materially
true and correct,  when made or at any time prior to  consummation of the Merger
as if made at and as of such  time;  (ii)  any of the  conditions  set  forth in
Section  6.1 hereof  have not been  fulfilled  in all  material  respects by the
Closing Date;  (iii) the Company or Acquisition  shall have failed to observe or
perform  any of its  material  obligations  under  this  Agreement;  or  (iv) as
otherwise set forth herein; or

                  (b)  by  the  Company  or  Acquisition  if:  (i)  any  of  the
representations  and  warranties  of RWT or the  RWT  Stockholder  shall  not be
materially  true and correct when made or at any time prior to  consummation  of
the Merger as if made at and as of such  time;  (ii) any of the  conditions  set
forth in Section 6.2 hereof have not been fulfilled in all material  respects by
the Closing Date; (iii) RWT shall have failed to observe or perform any of their
material respective  obligations under this Agreement;  or (iv) as otherwise set
forth herein.

      7.5  Effect  of  Termination  or  Default;   Remedies.  In  the  event  of
termination of this Agreement as set forth above, this Agreement shall forthwith
become void and there  shall be no  liability  on the part of any party  hereto,
provided  that such party is a  Non-Defaulting  Party (as  defined  below).  The
foregoing  shall not  relieve  any party from  liability  for  damages  actually
incurred as a result of such  party's  breach of any term or  provision  of this
Agreement.

      7.6 Remedies; Specific Performance. In the event that any party shall fail
or refuse to  consummate  the  Merger  or if any  default  under or beach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or condition of this Agreement on the part of
any party (the  "Defaulting  Party")  shall have  occurred  that  results in the
failure  to  consummate  the  Merger,  then in  addition  to the other  remedies
provided herein, the non-defaulting party (the "Non-Defaulting  Party") shall be
entitled to seek and obtain money damages from the Defaulting Party, or may seek
to obtain an order of specific  performance thereof against the Defaulting Party
from a court of competent  jurisdiction,  provided that the Non-Defaulting Party
seeking such protection must file its request with such court within  forty-five
(45) days after it becomes aware of the  Defaulting  Party's  failure,  refusal,
default or breach. In addition,  the  Non-Defaulting  Party shall be entitled to
obtain from the  Defaulting  Party court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees
incurred in  connection  with or in pursuit of enforcing the rights and remedies
provided hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                            SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION

      8.1  Survival  of  Representations  and  Warranties  of the  Company.  All
representations  and  warranties  of the Company shall survive the execution and
delivery  of this  Agreement  and the  Closing  hereunder  and shall  thereafter

                                       28
<PAGE>

survive until the first anniversary of the Closing Date and shall then terminate
except to the extent that notice of the  Company's or  Acquisition  liability in
respect of any inaccuracy in or breach of any  representation  or warranty shall
have been given on or prior to such date.

      8.2 Survival of Representations and Warranties of RWT. All representations
and warranties of RWT shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and  the  Closing  hereunder  and  shall  thereafter  survive  until  the  first
anniversary  of the Closing Date and shall then  terminate  except to the extent
that notice of RWT's  liability in respect of any inaccuracy in or breach of any
representation or warranty shall have been given on or prior to such date.

      8.3  Obligation  of the  Company  to  Indemnify.  The  Company  agrees  to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless RWT (and its directors, officers, employees,
affiliates,  stockholders,  debenture holders, agents, attorneys, successors and
assigns) from and against all losses, liabilities,  damages, deficiencies, costs
or  expenses  (including  interest,  penalties  and  reasonable  attorneys'  and
consultants'  fees  and  disbursements)  (collectively,  "Losses")  based  upon,
arising  out  of  or  otherwise  in  respect  of  any  (i)   inaccuracy  in  any
representation  or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement or in the
Schedules  and Exhibits  hereto or (ii) breach by the Company of any covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement.

      8.4  Obligation of and RWT to Indemnify.  RWT agrees to indemnify,  defend
and  hold  harmless  the  Company  (and  its  directors,   officers,  employees,
affiliates,  stockholders,  agents, attorneys,  successors and assigns) from and
against any Losses based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i)
inaccuracy in any  representation or warranty of RWT contained in this Agreement
or in the Schedules and Exhibits hereto or (ii) breach by RWT of any covenant or
agreement contained in this Agreement.

      8.5 Notice and  Opportunity  to Defend.  (a) Promptly after receipt by any
Person entitled to indemnity under this Agreement (an "Indemnitee") of notice of
any demand, claim or circumstances which, with the lapse of time, would or might
give rise to a claim or the  commencement  (or threatened  commencement)  of any
action, proceeding or investigation (an "Asserted Liability") that may result in
a Loss,  the Indemnitee  shall give notice thereof (the "Claims  Notice") to any
other party (or parties)  who is or may be obligated to provide  indemnification
pursuant to Section 8.3 or 8.4 (the  "Indemnifying  Party").  The Claims  Notice
shall  describe the Asserted  Liability in reasonable  detail and shall indicate
the amount (estimated, if necessary and to the extent feasible) of the Loss that
has been or may be suffered by the Indemnitee.

                  (a) The Indemnifying  Party may elect to compromise or defend,
at its own  expense  and by its own  counsel,  any  Asserted  Liability.  If the
Indemnifying  Party elects to compromise or defend such Asserted  Liability,  it
shall  within 30 days after the date the Claims  Notice is given (or sooner,  if
the nature of the Asserted  Liability so requires)  notify the Indemnitee of its
intent to do so,  and the  Indemnitee  shall  cooperate,  at the  expense of the
Indemnifying  Party,  in the  compromise of, or defense  against,  such Asserted
Liability.  If the  Indemnifying  Party elects not to  compromise  or defend the
Asserted  Liability,  fails to notify the  Indemnitee  of its election as herein
provided or contests its  obligation  to  indemnify  under this  Agreement,  the

                                       29
<PAGE>

Indemnitee  may pay,  compromise  or  defend  such  Asserted  Liability  and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in defending or compromising such
Asserted Liability,  all amounts required to be paid in connection with any such
Asserted Liability  pursuant to the determination of any court,  governmental or
regulatory  body or  arbitrator,  and amounts  required to be paid in connection
with any compromise or settlement consented to by the Indemnitee, shall be borne
by the  Indemnifying  Party.  Except as  otherwise  provided in the  immediately
preceding  sentence,  the Indemnitee may not settle or compromise any claim over
the objection of the  Indemnifying  Party. In any event,  the Indemnitee and the
Indemnifying Party may participate, at their own expense, in (but the Indemnitee
may not control) the defense of such  Asserted  Liability.  If the  Indemnifying
Party chooses to defend any claim,  the  Indemnitee  shall make available to the
Indemnifying Party any books, records or other documents within its control that
are necessary or appropriate for such defense.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   DEFINITIONS

      The following terms,  which are capitalized in this Agreement,  shall have
the meanings set forth below for the purpose of this Agreement.

      "Contract"  means any Contract (a) to which the  Company,  Acquisition  or
RWT,  is a party and under which the  Company,  Acquisition  or RWT,  has or may
acquire any material rights, (b) under which the Company, Acquisition or RWT, as
the  case may be,  is a party  and has or may  become  subject  to any  material
obligation  or material  liability or (c) by which the Company,  Acquisition  or
RWT, as the case may be, or any of the material assets owned or used by it is or
may become bound.

      "Environmental Laws" means all applicable federal, state, local or foreign
laws, rules and regulations,  orders, decrees,  judgments,  permits, filings and
licenses  relating  (i)  to  protection  and  clean-up  of the  environment  and
activities  or  conditions  related  thereto,  including  those  relating to the
generation,   handling,   disposal,   transportation  or  release  of  hazardous
substances  and  (ii)  the  health  or  safety  of  employees  in the  workplace
environment, all as amended from time to time, and shall also include any common
law theory based on nuisance, trespass, negligence or other tortuous conduct.

      "ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974 or any
successor  law, and  regulations  and rules  issued  pursuant to such law or any
successor law.

      "GAAP"  means  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  in the  United
States, applied on a consistent basis.

      "Law" means all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations,
orders, writs, injunctions,  judgments or decrees entered, enacted, promulgated,
enforced or issued by any court or other  governmental or regulatory  authority,
domestic or foreign.

      "Legal Requirement" means any federal, state, local,  municipal,  foreign,
international,  multinational or other administrative law, ordinance,  principle
of common law, regulation, statute, treaty, court or arbitrator.

                                       30
<PAGE>

      "Material  Adverse  Effect"  means a  material  adverse  effect  upon  the
business or financial condition of the Company (when used in Section 4.1) or RWT
(when used in Section 4.2), taken as a whole with any subsidiaries.

      "Order" means any award, decision,  injunction,  judgment,  order, ruling,
subpoena  or  verdict   entered,   issued,   made  or  rendered  by  any  court,
administrative agency or other governmental body or by any arbitrator.

      "Ordinary Course of Business" means an action taken by a Person where:

      (1) such action is consistent  with the past  practices of such Person and
is taken in the  ordinary  course of the normal  day-to-day  operations  of such
Person;

      (2) such action is not required to be authorized by the board of directors
of such  Person  (or by any  Person  or  group  of  Persons  exercising  similar
authority); and

      (3) such action is similar in nature and magnitude to actions  customarily
taken,  without any authorization by the board of directors (or by any Person or
group of Persons  exercising similar  authority),  in the ordinary course of the
normal  day-to-day  operations  of other  Persons  that are in the same  line of
business as such Person.

      "Organizational   Documents"   means  the  articles  or   certificate   of
incorporation and the by-laws of a corporation and any amendment thereto.

      "Person"  means any  individual,  corporation  (including  any  non-profit
corporation),  general or limited partnership,  limited liability company, joint
venture, estate, trust, association,  organization,  labor union or other entity
or governmental body.

      "Proceeding" means any action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation,
litigation or suit (whether civil,  criminal,  administrative,  investigative or
informal)  commenced,  brought,  conducted  or heard by or before,  or otherwise
involving, any governmental body or arbitrator.

      "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

      "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      10.1 Fees and Expenses.  Except as otherwise  provided in this  Agreement,
each  party  hereto  will bear its own  legal,  accounting  and  other  fees and
expenses  incident to the Merger  herein.  Any fees and expenses  required to be
paid by any party  hereunder  shall be limited to reasonable  and necessary fees
and expenses.

      10.2  Modification,  Amendments and Waiver.  The parties hereto may amend,
modify or otherwise  waive any  provision of this  Agreement by mutual  consent,
provided  that such  consent  and any  amendment,  modification  or waiver is in
writing and is signed by each of the parties hereto.

                                       31
<PAGE>

      10.3 Assignment.  Neither the Company,  Acquisition nor RWT shall have the
authority to assign its respective rights or obligations under this Agreement.

      10.4  Successors.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and, to the extent
permitted in this Agreement, shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns.

      10.5 Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement and the  exhibits,  schedules and
other  documents  referred  to herein  contain  the entire  agreement  among the
parties  hereto with respect to the Merger and  supersede  all prior  agreements
with respect thereto, whether written or oral.

      10.6  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  and the  exhibits  hereto shall be
governed by and construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of Florida,
without giving effect to principles of conflicts or choice of laws thereof.  Any
action to enforce the terms of this  Agreement or any of its  exhibits  shall be
brought  exclusively in the state and/or  federal courts  situated in the County
and State of  Florida.  Service  of  process  in any  action by either  party to
enforce the terms of this Agreement may be made by serving a copy of the summons
and  complaint,  in  addition to any other  relevant  documents,  by  commercial
overnight  courier to the other party at its principal address set forth in this
Agreement.

      10.7 Notices. Any notice, request,  demand, waiver, consent,  approval, or
other  communication  which is  required or  permitted  to be given to any party
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given only if delivered to the
party personally or sent to the party by facsimile upon electronic  confirmation
of receipt (promptly  followed by a hard-copy  delivered in accordance with this
Section 10.7) or three days after being mailed by  registered or certified  mail
(return receipt requested),  with postage and registration or certification fees
thereon prepaid, or if sent by nationally  recognized overnight courier, one day
after being mailed, addressed to the party at its address set forth below:


              If to RWT:              Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.
                                      17105 San Carlos Blvd., Suite A6151
                                      Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
                                      Attn: Walter Weisel, CEO
                                      Tel: (239) 466-0488
                                      Fax:  (239) 466-7270

              with copies to:         Linda Robison
                                      2659 W. Gulf Drive, Unit B-102
                                      Sanibel, FL 33957
                                      Tel: (239) 472-8199
                                      Fax: (239) 472-0083

                                       32
<PAGE>

                                      Dykema Gossett Rooks Pitts PLLC
                                      10 South Wacker Drive, Suite 2300
                                      Chicago, IL 60606
                                      Attention: Misty S. Gruber
                                      Tel: (312) 627-2122
                                      Fax: (866) 643-7257

              If to Acquisition:      RWT Acquisition, Inc.
                                      c/o Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.
                                      17105 San Carlos Blvd., Suite A6151
                                      Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
                                      Attn: Gary McNear
                                      Tel: (239) 466-0488
                                      Fax:  (239) 466-7270


              with copies to:         Gottbetter & Partners, LLP
                                      488 Madison Avenue
                                      New York, NY 10022
                                      Attn: Adam S. Gottbetter, Esq.
                                      Tel: 212-400-6900
                                      Fax: 212- 400-6901

              If to Company:          Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc.
                                      17105 San Carlos Blvd., Suite A6151
                                      Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
                                      Tel: (239) 851-0111
                                      Fax: (239) 267-7718

              with copies to:         Gottbetter & Partners, LLP
                                      488 Madison Avenue
                                      New York, NY 10022
                                      Attn: Adam S. Gottbetter, Esq.
                                      Tel: 212- 400-6900
                                      Fax: 212- 400-6901

or to such other  persons or  addresses as may be  designated  in writing by the
party to receive  such  notice.  If mailed as  aforesaid,  the day of mailing or
transmission  shall be the date any such  notice  shall be  deemed  to have been
delivered.

      10.8  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall  be an  original,  but all of  which  shall
constitute  but one  agreement.  In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall  create  a  valid  and  binding
obligation  of the  party  executing  (or on  whose  behalf  such  signature  is
executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature
page were an original thereof.

                                       33
<PAGE>

      10.9  Rights  Cumulative.  All  rights,  powers and  privileges  conferred
hereunder upon the parties,  unless otherwise provided,  shall be cumulative and
shall not be  restricted  to those given by law.  Failure to exercise  any power
given any party hereunder or to insist upon strict compliance by any other party
shall not  constitute a waiver of any party's  right to demand exact  compliance
with any of the terms or provisions hereof.

      10.10  Severability of Provisions.  The provisions of this Agreement shall
be considered  severable in the event that any of such  provisions are held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise  unenforceable.
Such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable  provisions shall be automatically
replaced by other  provisions  which are valid and  enforceable and which are as
similar as possible in term and intent to those provisions deemed to be invalid,
void or otherwise unenforceable and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

      10.11  Headings.  The  headings  set forth in the articles and sections of
this  Agreement  and in the exhibits and the  schedules  to this  Agreement  are
inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to constitute
a part hereof.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




                                       34
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have executed this  Agreement or
have caused this  Agreement  to be executed  and  delivered on the date and year
first above written.


                                      HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.


                                      By:  /s/ Gary McNear
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Gary McNear,
                                           CFO


                                      ROBOTIC WORKSPACE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



                                      By:  /s/ Walter Weisel
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Walter Weisel,
                                           CEO



                                      RWT ACQUISITION, INC.


                                      By:  /s/ Gary F. McNear
                                           -------------------------------------
                                      Name: /s/ Gary F. McNear
                                           -------------------------------------
                                      Title:  Director
                                            ------------------------------------





                                       35

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
