<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 2.1

                                MERGER AGREEMENT


===============================================================================






                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                     BETWEEN


                         HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION


                                       AND


                                 SANJAY HARYAMA
                              A WYOMING CORPORATION











===============================================================================

<PAGE>

                         LIST OF SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS
                                       TO
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


         SCHEDULES

         Schedule 2.1      List of SH Shareholders and Debenture Holders and
                           Company Common Stock and Company Debenture to be
                           Received

         Schedule 4.1(a)   Company Subsidiaries

         Schedule 4.1(b)   Company Conflicts

         Schedule 4.1(c)   Company Capitalization

         Schedule 4.1(g)   Issuance of Company Securities

         Schedule 4.1(i)   Company Taxes

         Schedule 4.1(l)   Company Legal Proceedings

         Schedule 4.1(m)   Company Changes or Events

         Schedule 4.2(d)   SH Financial Statements

         Schedule 4.2(i)   SH Legal Proceedings

         Schedule 4.2(g)   SH Liabilities



         EXHIBITS

         Exhibit 2.1(c)    Company Debenture

         Exhibit 2.2(a)    Escrow Agreement

         Exhibit 2.2(b)    Conversion Procedures

         Exhibit 6.1(a)    Company Certified Resolutions

         Exhibit 6.1(b)    Opinion of Counsel to Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc.

         Exhibit 6.1(c)    Opinion of Hand & Hand re Rule 504

         Exhibit 6.1(d)    Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc. `s Counsel's
                           Instruction Letter to Transfer Agent

         Exhibit 6.1(f)    Company Officer's Certificate

         Exhibit 6.2(a)    SH Certified Resolutions

         Exhibit 6.2(b)    Opinion of Hand & Hand

         Exhibit 6.2(c)    Opinion of Hand & Hand re Rule 504

         Exhibit 6.2(e)    SH Officer's Certificate


                                       2
<PAGE>



                  AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this  "Agreement"),  dated as of
April 21,  2003,  by and between  HY-Tech  Technology  Group,  Inc.,  a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and Sanjay Haryama, a Wyoming corporation ("SH").

                                    RECITALS

                  WHEREAS,  the  Company and SH desire to merge SH with and into
the Company  whereby the Company shall be the surviving  entity  pursuant to the
terms and conditions set forth herein and whereby the transaction  shall qualify
as a tax free exchange pursuant to Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code (the
"IRC");

                  WHEREAS,  in  furtherance of such  combination,  the Boards of
Directors  of the  Company and SH have each  approved  the merger of SH with and
into the Company (the  "Merger"),  upon the terms and subject to the  conditions
set forth herein,  in accordance with the applicable  provisions of the Delaware
General  Corporation  Law  (the  "DGCL"),  in the case of the  Company,  and the
Wyoming Business Corporation Act (the "WBCA"), in the case of SH;

                  WHEREAS,  the  shareholder of SH desire to exchange all of its
shares of the  capital  stock of SH (the "SH  Capital  Stock") for shares of the
capital  stock of the  Company  (the  "Company  Capital  Stock") as set forth in
Schedule 2.1 hereto as a tax free  exchange  pursuant to Section 351 of the IRC;
and

                  WHERAS, the holder of SH's 1% Convertible  Debenture Due April
20, 2008 in the principal  amount of One Million Dollars  ($1,000,000)  (the "SH
Debenture") desires to exchange the SH Debenture for the Company's 1%Convertible
Debenture in the principal  amount of One Million Dollars  ($1,000,000)  annexed
hereto as Exhibit 2.1(c) (the "Company  Debenture"),  which company Debenture is
convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.001 per share
(the "Company Common Stock") (the "Company Underlying Shares"), and as set forth
in  Schedule  2.1 hereto as a tax free  exchange  pursuant to Section 351 of the
IRC; and

                  WHEREAS,  all defined terms used herein not otherwise  defined
herein  shall  have the  meanings  ascribed  to such  terms  in the  Convertible
Debenture  Purchase Agreement dated even date herewith between SH and HEM Mutual
Assurance LLC (the "Purchase Agreement").

                  NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  foregoing and the
mutual covenants and agreements  herein  contained,  and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

                  1.1 THE MERGER. At the Effective Time (as hereinafter defined)
and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the DGCL and
the WBCA,  SH shall be merged with and into the Company  pursuant to the Merger.

                                       3
<PAGE>

Following the Merger,  the Company shall  continue as the surviving  corporation
(the "Surviving  Corporation") and the separate corporate  existence of SH shall
cease. As part of the Merger and as more fully described in Section 2.1, (i) the
One Thousand  (1,000) issued and  outstanding  shares of the SH common stock, no
par value (the "SH Common  Stock") shall be exchanged  for One Thousand  (1,000)
shares of the  Company  Common  Stock and (ii) the  issued  and  outstanding  SH
Debenture shall be exchanged for the Company Debenture.

                  1.2  EFFECTIVE  TIME.  The  Merger  shall  be  consummated  as
promptly as practicable  after  satisfaction of all conditions to the Merger set
forth  herein,  by filing with the  Secretary of State of the States of Delaware
and Wyoming a certificate  of merger and articles of merger  (collectively,  the
"Articles  of  Merger"),  respectively,  and all  other  appropriate  documents,
executed in  accordance  with the relevant  provisions of the DGCL and the WBCA.
The Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the Articles of Merger. The
time of such filing shall be referred to herein as the "Effective Time."

                  1.3  EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.  At the  Effective  Time,  all the
rights, privileges,  immunities, powers and franchises of the Company and SH and
all  property,  real,  personal  and  mixed,  and every  other  interest  of, or
belonging  to or due to each of the Company  and SH shall vest in the  Surviving
Corporation,  and all debts, liabilities,  obligations and duties of the Company
and SH, including,  without  limitation,  the performance of all obligations and
duties of SH pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the exhibits,  schedules and
all documents executed in connection therewith or any other Transaction Document
(as defined in the Purchase  Agreement),  shall  become the debts,  liabilities,
obligations and duties of the Surviving Corporation without further act or deed,
all in the  manner  and to the full  extent  provided  by the DGCL and the WBCA.
Whenever a conveyance,  assignment, transfer, deed or other instrument or act is
necessary  to vest  any  property  or right in the  Surviving  Corporation,  the
directors and officers of the respective constituent corporations shall execute,
acknowledge  and  deliver  such  instruments  and perform  such acts,  for which
purpose the separate existence of the constituent corporations and the authority
of their respective  directors and officers shall continue,  notwithstanding the
Merger.

                  1.4   CERTIFICATE  OF   INCORPORATION.   The   Certificate  of
Incorporation of the Company,  as in effect  immediately  prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and
thereafter  may be  amended  or  repealed  in  accordance  with  its  terms  and
applicable law.

                  1.5  BY-LAWS.  At the  Effective  Time and without any further
action on the part of the Company  and SH, the  By-laws of the Company  shall be
the  By-laws  of the  Surviving  Corporation  and  thereafter  may be amended or
repealed in accordance with their terms or the Certificate of  Incorporation  of
the Surviving Corporation and as provided by law.

                  1.6  DIRECTORS.  The directors of the Company at the Effective
Time shall be the directors of the Surviving  Corporation,  until the earlier of
their  resignation  or removal or until  their  respective  successors  are duly
elected and qualified, as the case may be.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  1.7  OFFICERS.  The  officers of the Company at the  Effective
Time shall be the officers of the  Surviving  Corporation,  until the earlier of
their  resignation  or removal or until  their  respective  successors  are duly
appointed and qualified, as the case may be.

                  1.8  TAX-FREE  REORGANIZATION.  The  parties  intend  that the
Merger  shall be treated as a tax-free  exchange  pursuant to Section 351 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").  No party shall take any
action or fail to take any action that would  adversely  affect the treatment of
the Merger as a tax-free exchange.

                                   ARTICLE II

                       CONVERSION OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES

                  2.1      EXCHANGE AND CANCELLATION OF SH COMMON STOCK AND SH
DEBENTURE.

                  (a) All One Thousand (1,000) issued and outstanding  shares of
the SH Common Stock (the "SH Common Stock Shares") outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger, be exchanged, on a one for
one basis, in accordance with Schedule 2.1 hereof, for One Thousand (1,000) duly
issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable,  shares of the Company Common Stock (the
"Company  Common Stock  Shares"),  whereupon the SH Common Stock Shares shall be
cancelled.

                  (c) The SH  Debenture  outstanding  immediately  prior  to the
Effective  Time shall,  by virtue of the Merger,  be  exchanged  for the Company
Debenture,  whereupon the SH Debenture shall be cancelled. The Company Debenture
shall be identical in all material  respects to the SH  Debenture.  By virtue of
operation  of law,  this  Agreement  and the  Articles of Merger,  the  Company,
through  the  Company  Debenture,  will  assume  and be  responsible  for all SH
obligations under the SH Debenture and the Purchase Agreement.

                  2.2 ESCROW  MATERIALS.  (a) At the Closing,  the Company shall
deposit into escrow with Kaplan Gottbetter & Levenson, LLP, or its successors or
assigns,  as  escrow  agent  (the  "Escrow  Agent")  the  following,  which  are
hereinafter  collectively  referred to as the "Escrow Materials," (i) the escrow
agreement  annexed  hereto and made a part hereof as EXHIBIT 2.2(A) (the "Escrow
Agreement"),  (ii) the Company Common Stock Shares, (iii) the Company Debenture,
(iv) certificates  representing Ten Million  (10,000,000)  shares of duly issued
Company  Common  Stock,  without  restriction  and freely  tradable  upon resale
pursuant to Rule 504 of Regulation D of the Securities Act (the "Company  Escrow
Shares"), in share denominations  specified by the Purchaser,  registered in the
name of the Purchaser  and/or its assigns;  which shares shall be held in escrow
for the Company  Underlying  Shares, and (v) a power of attorney with respect to
the Company  Debenture,  the Company Common Stock, the Company Underlying Shares

                                       5
<PAGE>

and the Company  Escrow Shares,  in the form annexed to the Escrow  Agreement as
Appendix I. The Escrow  Materials shall be held in escrow in accordance with the
Escrow  Agreement.  The Escrow  Materials  shall be released from escrow only in
accordance with this Section 2.2 and the Escrow Agreement.

                  (b) Upon conversion of the Company  Debenture by the holder or
holders  thereof,  in accordance  with the terms of the Company  Debenture,  the
Escrow Agent shall  release the Company  Escrow Shares to such holder or holders
in accordance with the Conversion Procedures annexed hereto as EXHIBIT 2.2(B).

                  2.3 RULE 504 SECURITIES.  The SH Debenture (which includes the
Escrow  Shares)  was sold in  accordance  with Rule 504 of  Regulation  D of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),  and Article 51 and
related  regulations of the Colorado  Securities Act, to an accredited  investor
residing  in the State of  Colorado.  Accordingly,  pursuant  to Rule  504,  the
applicable Colorado statutes,  and Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the SH
Debenture  (which  include  the Escrow  Shares)  and  subsequently  the  Company
Debenture  (which  includes the Company  Escrow  Shares) shall be issued without
restriction  and shall be freely  tradable upon resale in  accordance  with Rule
504.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                     CLOSING

                  Subject to satisfaction of the conditions to closing set forth
in  this  Agreement  and  unless  this  Agreement  is  otherwise  terminated  in
accordance with the provisions  contained herein,  the closing of the Merger and
the Contemplated Transactions (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of
Kaplan  Gottbetter  & Levenson,  LLP, or its  successors  or assigns,  630 Third
Avenue,  New York, New York as promptly as practicable after satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, which in no event shall be more than ten
days after the  Effective  Time (except if such 10th day is not a Business  Day,
then the next Business Day) (the "Closing Date").

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

                  4.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company
hereby makes the following  representations  and  warranties to SH, all of which
shall survive the Closing:

                   (a)  ORGANIZATION  AND  GOOD  STANDING.   The  Company  is  a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to conduct its
business as it is now being  conducted,  to own or use the properties and assets
that it owns or uses,  and to perform all its  obligations  under this Agreement
and the Applicable Contracts.  The Company has no subsidiaries other than as set
forth on Schedule  4.1(a)  attached  hereto  (individually,  a "SUBSIDIARY"  and

                                       6
<PAGE>

collectively,  the  "SUBSIDIARIES").  Each of the Subsidiaries is a corporation,
duly  incorporated,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its  incorporation,  with the full corporate power and authority
to own and use its  properties  and  assets  and to  carry  on its  business  as
currently conducted.  Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to do  business  and is in  good  standing  as a  foreign  corporation  in  each
jurisdiction  in which either the  ownership or use of the  properties  owned or
used by it, or the  nature of the  activities  conducted  by it,  requires  such
qualification.

                  (b) AUTHORITY; NO CONFLICT.

                           i.  This  Agreement  and any  agreement  executed  in
connection herewith
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company,  enforceable
against the Company in accordance with their  respective  terms. The Company has
the absolute and unrestricted  right,  power,  authority and capacity to execute
and deliver this Agreement and any agreement executed in connection herewith and
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

                           ii. Except as set forth in Schedule  4.1(b),  neither
the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company,  nor the  consummation or performance
of  any  of  the  obligations   contained  in  this  Agreement  or  Contemplated
Transactions by the Company will, directly or indirectly (with or without notice
or lapse of time):

                                    a. contravene,  conflict with or result in a
violation of (x) any provision of the Organizational Documents of the Company or
(y) any resolution  adopted by the board of directors or the shareholders of the
Company;

                                    b. contravene,  conflict with or result in a
violation  of,  or give any  governmental  body or  other  Person  the  right to
challenge  any of the  Contemplated  Transactions  or to exercise  any remedy or
obtain any relief under, any Legal Requirement or any Order to which the Company
or any of the assets owned or used by the Company may be subject;

                                    c. contravene,  conflict with or result in a
violation or breach of any provision of, or give any Person the right to declare
a default or  exercise  any remedy  under,  or to  accelerate  the  maturity  or
performance  of, or to  cancel,  terminate  or  modify,  this  Agreement  or any
Applicable Contract;

                                    d. result in the  imposition  or creation of
any material encumbrance upon or with respect to any of the assets owned or used
by the Company;

                                    e. cause the  Company to become  subject to,
or to become liable for the payment of, any tax; or

                                    f.  cause  any of the  assets  owned  by the
Company  to  be  reassessed  or  revalued  by  any  taxing  authority  or  other
governmental  body,  except  in  connection  with the  transfer  of real  estate
pursuant to this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions.

                                       7
<PAGE>

                  (c)  CAPITALIZATION.  The entire  authorized  Company  Capital
Stock consists of 50,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 37,916,390
shares are issued and outstanding and 32,000,000  shares of preferred stock, par
value $.001 per share, of which no shares are issued and outstanding.  There are
no other  outstanding  equity  securities  of the  Company.  No  legend or other
reference to any purported encumbrance appears upon any certificate representing
the Company  Capital Stock other than a standard  Securities Act legend.  All of
the issued and  outstanding  shares of the Company  Capital Stock have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  Except for
this  Agreement and as disclosed in Schedule  4.1(c),  there are no  outstanding
options, warrants, script, rights to subscribe to, registration rights, calls or
commitments of any character  whatsoever relating to, or, securities,  rights or
obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to  subscribe  for or  acquire,  any  shares of the  Company  Common  Stock,  or
contracts, commitments,  understandings, or arrangements by which the Company or
any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional  shares of the Company
Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of
the Company Common Stock.  None of the  outstanding  Company  Capital Stock were
issued in violation of the Securities Act or any other legal requirement.

                  (d)  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  The Company has delivered to SH a
copy of its Form 10-KSB  Annual  Report for the fiscal year ended  December  31,
2001 and December 31, 2002 as filed with the SEC (the "Reports").  The financial
statements  contained in the Reports are in all material  respects in accordance
with the books and records of the Company and have been  prepared in  accordance
with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated, all as
more  particularly set forth in the notes to such  statements.  The consolidated
balance sheets (the "Company  Balance  Sheets") present fairly as of their dates
the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries. Except
as and to the extent reflected or reserved against in the Company Balance Sheets
(including the notes  thereto),  the Company did not have, as of the date of any
such Company Balance Sheet, any material liabilities or obligations (absolute or
contingent)  of a nature  customarily  reflected in a balance sheet or the notes
thereto. The Consolidated  Statements of Operations,  Consolidated Statements of
Shareholders'  Equity  and  changes  in  Consolidated  Statements  of Cash Flows
present  fairly the results of operations  and changes in financial  position of
the Company and its subsidiaries for the periods indicated.

                  (e) SEC  FILINGS.  The  Company  has timely  filed all reports
required to be filed with the SEC under the rules and regulations of the SEC and
all such reports have complied in all material respects,  as of their respective
filing dates and effective  dates,  as the case may be, with all the  applicable
requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended.  As of the
respective filing and effective dates, none of such reports  (including  without
limitation,  the Reports)  contained any untrue  statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in
order to make the statements  therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.


                                       8
<PAGE>

                  (f) ABSENCE OF MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE.  Since the date of the
Company Balance Sheets, there have been no events,  changes or occurrences which
have had or are reasonably likely to have,  individually or in the aggregate,  a
material adverse effect on the Company's business or financial condition.

                  (g) ISSUANCE OF COMPANY  SECURITIES.  The Company Common Stock
Shares,  the Company  Debenture,  the Company Underlying Shares, and the Company
Escrow  Shares,  when issued in accordance  with this  Agreement,  shall be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully-paid and nonassessable. The Company has and at
all times while the Company  Debenture is outstanding  will continue to maintain
an  adequate  reserve  of shares  of the  Company  Common  Stock to enable it to
perform its  obligations  under this  Agreement  and the Company.  Except as set
forth  in  Schedule  4.1(g)  hereto,  there  is no  equity  line  of  credit  or
convertible  security  or  instrument  outstanding  of  the  Company;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that nothing contained in this Section 4.1(g) shall be deemed to permit
any equity line of credit or convertible  security or instrument of the Company,
other  than that is or may be issued to HEM Mutual  Assurance  LLC or any of its
Affiliates or assigns.

                  (h)  UNDISCLOSED  LIABILITIES  Neither  the  Company  nor  its
Subsidiaries has any obligations or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) except
obligations  and  liabilities  (i) that are fully accrued or provided for in all
material  respects in the Company  Balance  Sheets in  accordance  with GAAP, or
disclosed  in the  notes  therein  in  accordance  with  GAAP or (ii)  that were
incurred after the date of the Company  Balance Sheets in the Ordinary Course of
Business  (none of which  results  from,  arises out of,  relates  to, is in the
nature of, or was caused by any breach of contract,  breach of  warranty,  tort,
infringement,  or violation of law) or that would not  reasonably be expected to
have a material  adverse  effect on the business or  financial  condition of the
Company.

                  (i) TAXES.

                           i. The  Company  has filed or caused to be filed on a
timely  basis  all tax  returns  that  are or were  required  to be  filed by it
pursuant  to  applicable  Legal  Requirements.  The  Company  has paid,  or made
provision  for the  payment  of,  all  taxes  that have or may have  become  due
pursuant  to those tax  returns or  otherwise,  or  pursuant  to any  assessment
received by the  Company,  except such taxes,  if any, as are listed in Schedule
4.1(i) and are being contested in good faith as to which adequate  reserves have
been provided in the Company Balance Sheets.

                           ii. All tax  returns  filed by the  Company are true,
correct and complete in all material respects.

                  (j)  EMPLOYEE  BENEFITS.  The  Company  does  not  sponsor  or
otherwise  maintain a "pension plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA
or any other  retirement  plan other than the Company  Profit Sharing and 401(k)
Plan and Trust that is intended to qualify under Section 401 of the Code, nor do
any unfunded  liabilities  exist with respect to any employee benefit plan, past
or present.  No employee  benefit  plan,  any trust  created  thereunder  or any
trustee or administrator  thereof has engaged in a "prohibited  transaction," as
defined in Section 4975 of the Code, which may have a material adverse effect on
the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                  (k)   GOVERNMENTAL   AUTHORIZATIONS.   The   Company  and  the
Subsidiaries  have all  permits  that are or will be legally  required to enable
them to conduct their business in all material respects as now conducted.

                  (l) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS; ORDERS.

                           i. Except as set forth in Schedule  4.1(l),  there is
no material pending Proceeding:

                                    a. that has been commenced by or against the
Company  or the  Subsidiaries  or that  otherwise  relates  to or may affect the
business  of,  or any of the  assets  owned  or  used  by,  the  Company  or the
Subsidiaries; or

                                    b.  that  challenges,  or that  may have the
effect of preventing,  delaying,  making illegal, or otherwise interfering with,
any Contemplated Transaction.

                           ii. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.1(l):

                                    a. there is no  material  Order to which the
Company or the  Subsidiaries,  or any of the assets owned or used by the Company
or the Subsidiaries, is subject; and

                                    b. no officer,  director, agent, or employee
of the  Company is subject to any  material  Order that  prohibits  such  offer,
director, agent or employee from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity
or practice relating to the business of the Company.

                  (m) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES AND EVENTS. Except as set forth
in Schedule  4.1(m),  since the date of the Company Balance Sheets,  the Company
and the  Subsidiaries  have conducted their business only in the Ordinary Course
of Business,  there has not been any material adverse effect on the Company's or
the Subsidiaries business or operations, and there has not been any:

                           i. change in the authorized or issued Company Capital
Stock or the  authorized or issued capital stock of the  Subsidiaries;  grant of
any stock  option or right to purchase  shares of capital  stock of the Company;
issuance of any equity lines of credit,  security  convertible into such capital
stock; grant of any registration rights; purchase,  redemption,  retirement,  or
other acquisition or payment of any dividend or other distribution or payment in
respect of shares of capital stock;

                           ii. amendment to the Organizational  Documents of the
Company or the Subsidiaries;


                                       10
<PAGE>

                           iii. damage to or destruction or loss of any asset or
property  of the  Company  or  the  Subsidiaries,  whether  or  not  covered  by
insurance,  materially and adversely affecting the properties, assets, business,
financial condition, or prospects of the Company or the Subsidiaries;

                           iv.  receipt of notice that any of their  substantial
customers  have  terminated or intends to terminate  their  relationship,  which
termination  would have a material adverse effect on their financial  condition,
results or operations, business assets or properties;

                           v.  entry  into  any  transaction  other  than in the
Ordinary Course of Business;

                           vi. entry into, termination of, or receipt of written
notice of  termination  of any material (i)  license,  distributorship,  dealer,
sales  representative,  joint venture,  credit,  or similar  agreement,  or (ii)
contract or transaction;

                           vii.  sale  (other  than  sales of  inventory  in the
Ordinary  Course  of  Business),  lease,  or other  disposition  of any asset or
property of the Company or the Subsidiaries or mortgage,  pledge,  or imposition
of any lien or other  encumbrance  on any  material  asset  or  property  of the
Company or the Subsidiaries;

                           viii.  cancellation or waiver of any claims or rights
with a value to the Company in excess of $10,000;

                           ix. material change in the accounting methods used by
the Company or the Subsidiaries; or

                           x. agreement, whether oral or written, by the Company
or the Subsidiaries to
do any of the foregoing.

                  (n) NO DEFAULT OR VIOLATION.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
(i) are in material  compliance  with all applicable  terms and  requirements of
each  contract  under which they have or had any  obligation  or liability or by
which they or any of the  assets  owned or used by them is or was bound and (ii)
is not in violation of any Legal Requirement.

                  (o) CERTAIN  PAYMENTS.  Since the date of the Company  Balance
Sheets,  neither the Company or the  Subsidiaries,  nor any  director,  officer,
agent or employee of the Company or the  Subsidiaries has directly or indirectly
(a) made any  contribution,  gift, bribe,  rebate,  payoff,  influence  payment,
kickback or other payment to any Person, private or public,  regardless of form,
whether in money,  property or services  (i) to obtain  favorable  treatment  in
securing  business,  (ii) to pay for favorable  treatment for business  secured,
(iii) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already obtained,
for or in respect of the Company or the Subsidiaries or (iv) in violation of any
Legal  Requirement,  or (b) established or maintained any fund or asset that has
not been recorded in the books and records of the Company or the Subsidiaries.


                                       11
<PAGE>

                  (p) BROKERS OR  FINDERS.  The  Company  has not  incurred  any
obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees
or  agents'  commissions  or other  similar  payment  in  connection  with  this
Agreement.

                  4.2  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SH. SH hereby makes the
following  representations  and  warranties  to the Company,  all of which shall
survive the Closing:

                  (a) ORGANIZATION  AND GOOD STANDING.  SH is a corporation duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Wyoming  with full power and  authority to conduct its  businesses  as it is now
being  conducted,  to own or use the properties and assets that it owns or uses,
and to perform all of its  obligations  under this  Agreement.  SH was formed to
engage in the business of importing pharmaceuticals, but to date has not engaged
in any significant business operations.

                  (b) AUTHORITY; NO CONFLICT.

                           i.  This  Agreement  and any  agreement  executed  in
connection  herewith  constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of SH,
enforceable  against SH in accordance  with their  respective  terms. SH has the
absolute and unrestricted right, power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder.

                           ii.  Neither  the  execution  and  delivery  of  this
Agreement by SH nor the consummation or performance of any obligations contained
in this  Agreement  by SH will give any Person the right to prevent,  delay,  or
otherwise   interfere   with  this   Agreement  and  any  of  the   Contemplated
Transactions.

                           iii. SH is not  required  to obtain any consent  from
any Person in connection  with the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement or
the consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated Transactions.

                  (c)  CAPITALIZATION.  The entire  authorized  SH Capital Stock
consists of an  unlimited  number of shares of SH Common  Stock,  of which 1,000
shares are  issued  and  outstanding,  and an  unlimited  number of shares of SH
Preferred  Stock,  of which no  shares  are  issued  and  outstanding.  With the
exception of the SH Common Stock Shares,  there are no other outstanding  equity
securities  of the  Company.  No  legend  or other  reference  to any  purported
encumbrance  appears  upon any  certificate  representing  the SH  Common  Stock
Shares.  The SH Common Stock Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued
and are fully  paid and  non-assessable.  Except  as set  forth in the  Purchase
Agreement,  there  are no  outstanding  options,  warrants,  script,  rights  to
subscribe  to,  registration  rights,  calls  or  commitments  of any  character
whatsoever relating to, or, securities,  rights or obligations  convertible into
or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of SH Common Stock,  or contracts,  commitments,  understandings,  or

                                       12
<PAGE>

arrangements by which SH is or may become bound to issue additional shares of SH
Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of
SH Common Stock.  None of the  outstanding SH Common Stock Shares were issued in
violation of the Securities Act or any other legal requirement. SH does not own,
and has no contract to acquire, any equity securities or other securities of any
Person or any  direct or  indirect  equity or  ownership  interest  in any other
business.

                  (d)  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  SH has delivered to the Company a
balance  sheet of SH as at  March  31,  2003  (the "SH  Balance  Sheet"),  and a
statement  of  operations  for the year ended  March 31,  2003.  Such  financial
statements  are set forth in  Schedule  4.2(d)  hereto  and fairly  present  the
financial  condition and the results of  operations  of SH as at the  respective
dates of and for the periods referred to in such financial statements.

                  (e) ABSENCE OF MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE.  Since the date of the
most recent SH Balance Sheet provided  under Section  4.2(d) hereof,  there have
been no events,  changes or occurrences  which have had or are reasonably likely
to have,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  a material  adverse effect on the
Company.

                  (f) BOOKS AND  RECORDS.  The books of account,  minute  books,
stock  record  books,  and  other  records  of SH,  all of which  have been made
available to the Company,  are complete and correct and have been  maintained in
accordance  with sound  business  practices,  including  the  maintenance  of an
adequate system of internal  controls.  The minute books of SH contain  accurate
and complete records of all meetings held of, and corporate action taken by, the
shareholders,  the  Board  of  Directors,  and any  committees  of the  Board of
Directors of SH.

                  (g)  NO  UNDISCLOSED   LIABILITIES.   There  are  no  material
liabilities of SH other than:

                           i.  Liabilities  set forth on,  reserved  against  or
reflected in the SH Balance Sheet;

                           ii.  Liabilities  disclosed  in this  Agreement,  the
Exhibits  attached  hereto,  and in Schedule 4.2(g) or lists furnished  pursuant
hereto; or

                           iii.  Liabilities  incurred in the Ordinary Course of
Business since the SH Balance Sheet date,  none of which had a material  adverse
effect on the business,  financial condition or results of operations of SH, and
none of which is  required  to be  recorded  under GAAP in respect of any period
prior to the SH  Balance  Sheet  date,  and none of  which  is in  respect  of a
material claim for damages, fines or other legal relief.

                  (h)  TITLE  TO  PROPERTIES;  ENCUMBRANCES.  SH  has  good  and
marketable title to all the properties,  interest in such properties and assets,
real and personal,  reflected in the SH Balance Sheet or acquired after the date
of such balance sheet (except properties, interests and assets sold or otherwise
disposed of since such date, in the Ordinary Course of Business), free and clear
of all mortgages,  liens, pledges,  charges or encumbrances except (i) mortgages
and other  encumbrances  referred to in the notes to such  balance  sheet,  (ii)
liens for current taxes not yet due and payable and (iii) such  imperfections of

                                       13
<PAGE>

title and  easements as do not  materially  detract  from or interfere  with the
present use of the properties subject thereto or affected thereby,  or otherwise
materially impair present business operations at such properties.

                  (i) LEGAL PROCEEDINGS; ORDERS.

                           i. Except as set forth in Schedule  4.2(i),  there is
no material pending Proceeding:

                                    a. that has been  commenced by or against SH
or that otherwise relates to or may affect the business of, or any of the assets
owned or used by, SH; or

                                    b.  that  challenges,  or that  may have the
effect of preventing,  delaying,  making illegal, or otherwise interfering with,
any Contemplated Transaction.

                           ii. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.2(i):

                                    a. there is no  material  Order to which SH,
or any of the assets owned or used by SH, is subject; and

                                    b. no officer,  director, agent, or employee
of SH is subject to any  material  Order that  prohibits  such offer,  director,
agent or  employee  from  engaging in or  continuing  any  conduct,  activity or
practice relating to the business of SH.

                  (j)  BROKERS  OR  FINDERS.   SH  has  incurred  no  liability,
contingent or otherwise,  for brokerage or finders' fees or agents'  commissions
or other similar payment in connection with this Agreement.

                  (k) NO DEFAULT OR VIOLATION.  SH (i) is in material compliance
with all applicable  terms and  requirements of each contract under which SH has
or had any  obligation or liability or by which SH or any of the assets owned or
used  by SH is or  was  bound  and  (ii)  is  not  in  violation  of  any  Legal
Requirement.

                  (l) TAXES.

                           i. SH has  filed  or  caused  to be filed on a timely
basis all tax returns that
are  or  were  required  to  be  filed  by  it  pursuant  to  applicable   Legal
Requirements.  SH has paid, or made provision for the payment of, all taxes that
have or may have  become due  pursuant  to those tax  returns or  otherwise,  or
pursuant to any  assessment  received by SH,  except such taxes,  if any, as are
listed in  Schedule  4.2(l)  and are being  contested  in good faith as to which
adequate reserves have been provided in the SH Balance Sheets.

                  ii. All tax returns filed by SH are true, correct and complete
in all material respects.


                                       14
<PAGE>
                  (m) ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES AND EVENTS. Except as set forth
in Schedule 4.2(m), since the date of the SH Balance Sheet, SH has conducted its
business  only in the  Ordinary  Course  of  Business,  there  has not  been any
material  adverse effect on SH's business or operations,  and there has not been
any:

                           i. change in the  authorized or issued  capital stock
of SH; grant of any stock option or right to purchase shares of capital stock of
SH; issuance of any security  convertible into such capital stock;  grant of any
registration rights; purchase,  redemption,  retirement, or other acquisition or
payment of any dividend or other distribution or payment in respect of shares of
capital stock;

                           ii. amendment to the Organizational Documents of SH;

                           iii. damage to or destruction or loss of any asset or
property of SH,  whether or not covered by insurance,  materially  and adversely
affecting the properties, assets, business, financial condition, or prospects of
SH;

                           iv.  receipt  of notice  that any of its  substantial
customers  have  terminated or intends to terminate  their  relationship,  which
termination  would have a material  adverse  effect on its financial  condition,
results or operations, business assets or properties;

                           v.  entry  into  any  transaction  other  than in the
Ordinary Course of Business;

                           vi. entry into, termination of, or receipt of written
notice of  termination  of any material (i)  license,  distributorship,  dealer,
sales  representative,  joint venture,  credit,  or similar  agreement,  or (ii)
contract or transaction;

                           vii.  sale  (other  than  sales of  inventory  in the
Ordinary  Course  of  Business),  lease,  or other  disposition  of any asset or
property  of SH or  mortgage,  pledge,  or  imposition  of  any  lien  or  other
encumbrance on any material asset or property of SH;

                           viii.  cancellation or waiver of any claims or rights
with a value to SH in excess of $10,000;

                           ix. material change in the accounting methods used by
SH; or

                           x.  agreement,  whether oral or written,  by SH to do
any of the foregoing.


                                       15
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    COVENANTS

                  5.1      COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

                  (a)  CONDUCT OF  BUSINESS.  Prior to and  through  the Closing
Date, the Company shall:

                           i. conduct its business  only in the Ordinary  Course
of Business;

                           ii.  use  its  commercially   reasonable  efforts  to
preserve intact the current business organization of the Company, keep available
the services of the current officers,  employees and agents of the Company,  and
maintain  the  relations  and good will with  suppliers,  customers,  landlords,
creditors,  employees,  agents and others having business relationships with the
Company;

                           iii.  not pay,  incur or  declare  any  dividends  or
distributions  with  respect to its  shareholders  or amend its  Certificate  of
Incorporation or By-Laws,  without the prior written consent of the SH Debenture
Holder;

                           iv. not authorize,  issue,  sell,  purchase or redeem
any  shares of its  capital  stock or any  options  or other  rights to  acquire
ownerships  interests  without  the prior  written  consent of the SH  Debenture
Holder;

                           v. not incur any  indebtedness  for money borrowed or
issue and debt  securities,  or incur or suffer to be incurred any  liability or
obligation of any nature whatsoever, or cause or permit any lien, encumbrance or
security  interest  to be  created  or  arise  on or in  respect  of  any of its
properties or assets;

                           vi.  not  make any  investment  of a  capital  nature
either by  purchased  stock or  securities,  contribution  to capital,  property
transfer or otherwise, or by the purchase of any property or assets of any other
Person;

                           vii.   not  do  any  other  act  which   would  cause
representation  or  warranty of the  Company in this  Agreement  to be or become
untrue in any material respect or that is not in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice;

                           viii. report  periodically to the SH Debenture Holder
concerning the status of the business and operations of the Company; and

                           ix.  confer with the SH Debenture  Holder  concerning
operational matters of a material nature.

                  (b)  PROPOSALS;  OTHER  OFFERS.  Commencing  on  the  date  of
execution of this  Agreement  through the Closing  Date,  the Company shall not,
directly or indirectly (whether through an employee, a representative,  an agent
or  otherwise)  solicit or  encourage  any  inquiries  or  proposals,  engage in

                                       16
<PAGE>

negotiations  for or consent to or enter into any  agreement  providing  for the
acquisition  of its  business.  The Company  shall not,  directly or  indirectly
(whether through an employee, a representative,  an agent or otherwise) disclose
any nonpublic information relating to the Company or afford access to any of the
books,  records or other  properties of the Company to any person or entity that
is  considering,  has  considered or is making any such  acquisition  inquiry or
proposal relating to the Company's business.

                  (c) FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  Prior to the Closing Date,  with the
cooperation  of  SH  where  appropriate,  the  Company  shall  use  commercially
reasonable efforts to:

                           i. promptly comply with all filing requirements which
federal,  state or local  law may  impose on the  Company  with  respect  to the
Contemplated Transactions by this Agreement; and

                           ii. take all actions  necessary to be taken, make any
filing and obtain any consent,  authorization or approval of or exemption by any
governmental  authority,  regulatory  agency or any other third party (including
without limitation,  any landlord or lessor of the Company and any party to whom
notification  is  required to be  delivered  or from whom any form of consent is
required) which is required to be filed or obtained by the Company in connection
with the Contemplated Transactions by this Agreement.

                  (d) ACCESS TO ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS AND INFORMATION.  Prior to
the Closing Date,  the Company shall make  available to the SH Debenture  Holder
(as well as its shareholders,  counsel,  accountants and other  representatives)
any and all agreements,  contracts,  documents,  other instruments and personnel
material  of  the  Company's  business,   including  without  limitation,  those
contracts to which the Company is a party and those by which its business or any
of the Company's assets are bound.

                  5.2      COVENANTS OF SH.

                  (a) THIRD PARTY CONSENTS.  SH shall use all reasonable efforts
to obtain any  consent,  authorization  or  approval  of, or  exemption  by, any
governmental authority or agency or other third party required to be obtained or
made  by it in  connection  with  this  Agreement  or  the  consummation  of the
Contemplated Transactions.

                  (b) FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  Prior to the Closing Date,  with the
cooperation of the Company where appropriate, SH shall:

                           i. promptly comply with all filing requirements which
federal,  state or local law may impose on SH with  respect to the  Contemplated
Transactions by this Agreement; and

                           ii. take all actions  necessary to be taken, make any
filing and obtain any consent,  authorization or approval of or exemption by any
governmental  authority,  regulatory  agency or any other third party (including

                                       17
<PAGE>

without limitation,  any landlord or lessor of the Company and any party to whom
notification  is  required to be  delivered  or from whom any form of consent is
required) which is required to be filed or obtained by SH in connection with the
Contemplated Transactions by this Agreement.

                  (c)  ACTIONS  BY SH. SH shall take no action or enter into any
agreements or arrangements except as may be required by this Agreement.

                  (d) NO CHANGE IN CAPITAL STOCK.  Prior to the Effective  Time,
no change will be made in the authorized, issued or outstanding capital stock of
SH, and no  subscriptions,  options,  rights,  warrants,  calls,  commitments or
agreements relating to the authorized, issued or outstanding capital stock of SH
will be entered into, issued, granted or created,  except in the Ordinary Course
of Business or with the prior written approval of the SH Debenture Holder.

                  5.3  GOVERNMENTAL  FILINGS  AND  CONSENTS.  The Company and SH
shall cooperate with one another in filing any necessary  applications,  reports
or other  documents  with any federal or state  agencies,  authorities or bodies
having  jurisdiction  with respect to the business of the Company or the by this
Agreement  and  in  seeking  any  necessary  approval,  consultation  or  prompt
favorable action of, with or by any of such agencies, authorities or bodies.

                  5.4  PUBLICITY.  Any  public  announcement  or  press  release
relating to this Agreement or the Contemplated  Transactions must be approved by
the SH Debenture  Holder in writing  before being made or released.  The Company
shall have the right to issue a press release without the SH Debenture  Holder's
written  approval if in the opinion of the  Company's  counsel such a release is
necessary  to comply  with SEC  Rules and  Regulations;  PROVIDED  THAT,  the SH
Debenture  Holder receives a copy of such prepared press release for purposes of
review  at  least 24 hours  before  it is  issued.  This 24 hour  period  may be
shortened  if in the  opinion of the  Company's  counsel it is  required by law;
PROVIDED THAT, the SH Debenture  Holder  receives a copy of such release as long
as reasonably practical before it is issued.

                  5.5 TAX  RETURNS.  The current  officers of the Company  shall
have the right to prepare  any tax returns of the  Company  with  respect to any
period  that ends on or before the  Closing  Date,  which tax  returns  shall be
prepared in a manner  consistent with prior tax returns.  Such tax returns shall
be timely filed by the Company.  SH and the Company  shall  cooperate  with said
officers in the  preparation of such tax returns.  The Company may not amend any
Company tax return  relating to a period  through or including  the Closing Date
without the prior written consent of the SH Debenture Holder  immediately  prior
to the Closing Date.


                                       18
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                   CONDITIONS

                  6.1  CONDITIONS TO  OBLIGATIONS OF SH. The obligation of SH to
consummate the  Contemplated  Transactions is subject to the fulfillment of each
of the following conditions:

                  (a) COPIES OF RESOLUTIONS.  At the Closing,  the Company shall
have  furnished SH with a certificate  of its CEO, in the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(A)
annexed hereto,  certifying that attached thereto are copies of resolutions duly
adopted by the board of  directors  of the Company  authorizing  the  execution,
delivery and  performance  of this  Agreement and all other  necessary or proper
corporate  action  to  enable  the  Company  to  comply  with the  terms of this
Agreement.

                  (b)  OPINION OF  COMPANY'S  COUNSEL.  The  Company  shall have
furnished to SH, at the Closing, with an opinion of its legal counsel,  dated as
of the Closing Date, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(B) annexed hereto.

                  (c)  OPINION OF  COMPANY'S  COUNSEL.  The  Company  shall have
furnished to SH, at the Closing,  with an opinion of Hand & Hand, counsel to the
Company,  dated as of the  Closing  Date,  substantially  in the form of EXHIBIT
6.1(C) annexed hereto.

                  (d) INSTRUCTION  LETTER TO TRANSFER  AGENT.  The Company shall
have  furnished to SH, at the Closing,  with a letter from its legal  counsel to
its transfer  agent,  to accept the legal  opinion set forth in Section  6.1(c),
dated  as of the  Closing  Date,  substantially  in the form of  EXHIBIT  6.1(D)
annexed hereto.

                  (e) ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; PERFORMANCE OF
COVENANTS.  Each of the  representations and warranties of the Company set forth
in this Agreement was true,  correct and complete in all material  respects when
made and shall also be true,  correct and complete in all  material  respects at
and as of the Closing Date,  with the same force and effect as if made at and as
of the  Closing  Date.  The Company  shall have  performed  and  complied in all
material  respects with all agreements and covenants  required by this Agreement
to be performed by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.

                  (f) DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATE.  The Company shall have delivered
to SH a certificate,  in the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(F)  annexed  hereto,  dated the
Closing  Date,  and  signed  by the  CEO  of  the  Company  affirming  that  the
representations  and  warranties  as set forth in Section 4.1 were and are true,
correct and complete as required by Section 6.1(e).

                  (g)  CONSENTS  AND  WAIVERS.  At  the  Closing,  any  and  all
necessary  consents,  authorizations,   orders  or  approvals  shall  have  been
obtained, except as the same shall have been waived by the SH Debenture Holder.


                                       19
<PAGE>

                  (h)  LITIGATION.  On  the  Closing  Date,  there  shall  be no
effective injunction,  writ or preliminary restraining order or any order of any
kind  whatsoever  with respect to the Company issued by a court or  governmental
agency (or other governmental or regulatory authority) of competent jurisdiction
restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions or
making  consummation  thereof  unduly  burdensome to SH. On the Closing Date and
immediately  prior  to  consummation  of  the  Contemplated   Transactions,   no
proceeding  or  lawsuit  shall  have been  commenced,  be  pending  or have been
threatened by any  governmental  or regulatory  agency or authority or any other
Person with respect to the Contemplated Transactions.

                  (i) DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION.  Prior to the
Closing Date,  the Company  shall have made  available or delivered to SH all of
the  agreements,  contracts,  documents  and other  instruments  required  to be
delivered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

                  6.2 CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY.  The obligations
of the Company to consummate the  Contemplated  Transactions  are subject to the
fulfillment of each of the following conditions:

                  (a)  COPIES OF  RESOLUTIONS.  At the  Closing,  SH shall  have
furnished  the  Company  with a  certificate  of its  President,  in the form of
EXHIBIT 6.2(A) annexed hereto,  certifying  that attached  thereto are copies of
resolutions  duly  adopted  by the  board of  directors  of SH  authorizing  the
execution, delivery and performance of the terms of this Agreement and all other
necessary  or proper  corporate  action to enable SH to comply with the terms of
this Agreement.

                  (b) OPINION OF SH'S  COUNSEL.  SH shall have  furnished to the
Company, at the Closing, with an opinion of Hand & Hand, counsel to SH, dated as
of the Closing Date, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT 6.2(B) annexed hereto.

                  (c) OPINION OF SH'S  COUNSEL.  SH shall have  furnished to the
Company, at the Closing, with an opinion of Hand & Hand, dated as of the Closing
Date, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT 6.2(C) annexed hereto.

                  (d) ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; PERFORMANCE OF
COVENANTS.  Each of the  representations  and warranties of SH was true, correct
and complete in all material respects when made and shall also be true,  correct
and complete in all material  respects at and as of the Closing  Date,  with the
same force and effect as if made at and as of the  Closing  Date.  SH shall have
performed  and  complied  in all  material  respects  with  all  agreements  and
covenants  required by this  Agreement  to be performed by SH at or prior to the
Closing Date.

                  (e) DELIVERY OF  CERTIFICATE.  SH shall have  delivered to the
Company a certificate,  in the form of EXHIBIT 6.2(E) annexed hereto,  dated the
Closing  Date  and  signed  by  the   President  of  SH,   affirming   that  the
representations  and  warranties  of SH as set forth in Section 4.2 were and are
true, correct and complete as required by Section 6.2(d).


                                       20
<PAGE>

                  (f) COMPLIANCE  WITH RULE 504. In connection with the issuance
of the Securities by SH under the Purchase Agreement, on or prior to the Closing
Date SH  shall  be in full  compliance  with  Rule  504 of  Regulation  D of the
Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  and SH shall have delivered to the Company
at the  Closing a filed copy of the Form D required  to be filed with the SEC in
connection therewith.

                  (f) CONSENTS AND WAIVERS. On or prior to the Closing Date, any
and all necessary consents, authorizations,  orders or approvals shall have been
obtained, except as the same shall have been waived by the Company.

                  (g)  LITIGATION.  On  the  Closing  Date,  there  shall  be no
effective injunction,  writ or preliminary restraining order or any order of any
kind whatsoever with respect to SH issued by a court or governmental  agency (or
other   governmental   or  regulatory   authority)  of  competent   jurisdiction
restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions or
making the consummation thereof unduly burdensome to the Company. On the Closing
Date,  no  proceeding  or lawsuit  shall have been  commenced,  threatened or be
pending or by any  governmental  or regulatory  agency or authority or any other
person with respect to the Contemplated Transactions.

                  (h) DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION.  Prior to the
Closing  Date,  SH shall have made  available or delivered to the Company all of
the  agreements,  contracts,  documents  and other  instruments  required  to be
delivered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION

                  7.1  TERMINATION  BY MUTUAL  AGREEMENT.  This Agreement may be
terminated at any time by mutual  consent of the parties  hereto,  provided that
such  consent to  terminate  is in writing  and is signed by each of the parties
hereto.

                  7.2 TERMINATION FOR FAILURE TO CLOSE.  This Agreement shall be
automatically  terminated if the Closing shall not have occurred within ten (10)
days of the date hereof (except if such 10th day is not a Business Day, then the
next Business Day).

                  7.3  TERMINATION  BY OPERATION OF LAW.  This  Agreement may be
terminated by any party hereto if there shall be any statute, rule or regulation
that renders consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions illegal or otherwise
prohibited,  or  a  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  or  any  government  (or
governmental  authority)  shall have issued an order,  decree or ruling,  or has
taken any other  action  restraining,  enjoining or  otherwise  prohibiting  the
consummation of such transactions and such order, decree, ruling or other action
shall have become final and nonappealable.

                  7.4   TERMINATION   FOR  FAILURE  TO  PERFORM   COVENANTS   OR
CONDITIONS. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the Closing Date:

                                       21
<PAGE>

                  (a) by SH if: (i) any of the  representations  and  warranties
made in this Agreement by the Company shall not be materially  true and correct,
when made or at any time prior to consummation of the Contemplated  Transactions
as if made at and as of such  time;  (ii)  any of the  conditions  set  forth in
Section  6.1 hereof  have not been  fulfilled  by the  Closing  Date;  (iii) the
Company shall have failed to observe or perform any of its material  obligations
under this Agreement; or (iv) as otherwise set forth herein; or

                  (b) by the  Company  if:  (i) any of the  representations  and
warranties  of SH shall not be  materially  true and correct when made or at any
time prior to consummation of the Contemplated Transactions as if made at and as
of such time;  (ii) any of the  conditions  set forth in Section 6.2 hereof have
not been fulfilled by the Closing Date; (iii) SH shall have failed to observe or
perform any of their material  respective  obligations under this Agreement;  or
(iv) as otherwise set forth herein.

                  7.5 EFFECT OF TERMINATION OR DEFAULT;  REMEDIES.  In the event
of  termination  of this  Agreement as set forth  above,  this  Agreement  shall
forthwith  become void and there shall be no  liability on the part of any party
hereto,  provided that such party is a Non-Defaulting  Party (as defined below).
The foregoing  shall not relieve any party from  liability for damages  actually
incurred as a result of such  party's  breach of any term or  provision  of this
Agreement.

                  7.6  REMEDIES;  SPECIFIC  PERFORMANCE.  In the event  that any
party shall fail or refuse to consummate the Contemplated Transactions or if any
default under or beach of any representation, warranty, covenant or condition of
this  Agreement  on the part of any party (the  "Defaulting  Party")  shall have
occurred   that  results  in  the  failure  to   consummate   the   Contemplated
Transactions,  then in  addition  to the other  remedies  provided  herein,  the
non-defaulting party (the "Non-Defaulting  Party") shall be entitled to seek and
obtain money damages from the Defaulting  Party,  or may seek to obtain an order
of specific  performance  thereof  against the Defaulting  Party from a court of
competent  jurisdiction,  provided  that the  Non-Defaulting  Party seeking such
protection  must file its request  with such court within  forty-five  (45) days
after it becomes aware of the Defaulting  Party's failure,  refusal,  default or
breach. In addition,  the Non-Defaulting  Party shall be entitled to obtain from
the  Defaulting  Party court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees incurred in
connection  with or in pursuit of  enforcing  the rights and  remedies  provided
hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                            SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION

                  8.1 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.
All  representations  and  warranties of the Company shall survive the execution
and delivery of this  Agreement and the Closing  hereunder and shall  thereafter
continue  in full force and effect  until the fifth  anniversary  of the Closing
Date and shall  thereafter  terminate  except to the extent  that  notice of the
Company's   liability  in  respect  of  any  inaccuracy  in  or  breach  of  any
representation  or  warranty  shall  have been  given on or prior to such  fifth
anniversary.

                                       22
<PAGE>

                  8.2  SURVIVAL OF  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES  OF SH. All
representations  and warranties of SH shall terminate upon the Closing except to
the extent  that notice of SH's  liability  in respect of any  inaccuracy  in or
breach of any  representation  or warranty  shall have been given on or prior to
Closing.

                  8.3 OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY TO INDEMNIFY. The Company agrees
to  indemnify,  defend  and  hold  harmless  SH (and  its  directors,  officers,
employees,  affiliates,  shareholders,  debenture  holders,  agents,  attorneys,
successors  and  assigns)  from and against all  losses,  liabilities,  damages,
deficiencies,  costs or expenses (including  interest,  penalties and reasonable
attorneys' and consultants'  fees and  disbursements)  (collectively,  "Losses")
based upon,  arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i) inaccuracy in any
representation  or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement or in the
Schedules  and  Exhibits  hereto or (ii)  breach of any  covenant  or  agreement
contained in this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions.

                  8.4 OBLIGATION OF AND SH TO INDEMNIFY. SH agrees to indemnify,
defend and hold harmless the Company (and its  directors,  officers,  employees,
affiliates,  shareholders,  agents, attorneys,  successors and assigns) from and
against any Losses based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i)
inaccuracy in any  representation  or warranty of SH contained in this Agreement
or (ii) breach of any covenant or agreement  contained in this  Agreement or the
Contemplated Transactions.

                  8.5  NOTICE AND  OPPORTUNITY  TO DEFEND.  (a)  Promptly  after
receipt  by  any  Person   entitled  to  indemnity   under  this  Agreement  (an
"Indemnitee") of notice of any demand,  claim or circumstances  which,  with the
lapse of  time,  would or might  give  rise to a claim or the  commencement  (or
threatened  commencement)  of  any  action,   proceeding  or  investigation  (an
"Asserted  Liability")  that may  result in a Loss,  the  Indemnitee  shall give
notice  thereof (the "Claims  Notice") to any other party (or parties) who is or
may be obligated to provide indemnification  pursuant to Section 8.3 or 8.4 (the
"Indemnifying  Party").  The Claims Notice shall describe the Asserted Liability
in reasonable detail and shall indicate the amount (estimated,  if necessary and
to the  extent  feasible)  of the Loss that has been or may be  suffered  by the
Indemnitee.

                  (b) The Indemnifying  Party may elect to compromise or defend,
at its own  expense  and by its own  counsel,  any  Asserted  Liability.  If the
Indemnifying  Party elects to compromise or defend such Asserted  Liability,  it
shall  within 30 days after the date the Claims  Notice is given (or sooner,  if
the nature of the Asserted  Liability so requires)  notify the Indemnitee of its
intent to do so,  and the  Indemnitee  shall  cooperate,  at the  expense of the
Indemnifying  Party,  in the  compromise of, or defense  against,  such Asserted
Liability.  If the  Indemnifying  Party elects not to  compromise  or defend the
Asserted  Liability,  fails to notify the  Indemnitee  of its election as herein
provided or contests its  obligation  to  indemnify  under this  Agreement,  the
Indemnitee  may pay,  compromise  or  defend  such  Asserted  Liability  and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in defending or compromising such
Asserted Liability,  all amounts required to be paid in connection with any such
Asserted Liability  pursuant to the determination of any court,  governmental or
regulatory  body or  arbitrator,  and amounts  required to be paid in connection
with any compromise or settlement consented to by the Indemnitee, shall be borne

                                       23
<PAGE>

by the  Indemnifying  Party.  Except as  otherwise  provided in the  immediately
preceding sentence, neither the Indemnifying Party nor the Indemnitee may settle
or compromise any claim over the objection of the other, provided, however, that
consent to settlement or compromise shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  In any
event, the Indemnitee and the Indemnifying  Party may participate,  at their own
expense,  in the defense of such Asserted  Liability.  If the Indemnifying Party
chooses  to defend  any  claim,  the  Indemnitee  shall  make  available  to the
Indemnifying Party any books, records or other documents within its control that
are necessary or appropriate for such defense.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   DEFINITIONS

                  The following terms,  which are capitalized in this Agreement,
shall have the meanings set forth below for the purpose of this Agreement.

                  "APPLICABLE  CONTRACT"  means any Contract (a) under which the
Company has or may  acquire  any rights,  (b) under which the Company has or may
become subject to any obligation or liability or (c) by which the Company or any
of the assets owned or used by it is or may become bound.

                  "CONTEMPLATED  TRANSACTIONS"  means  all of  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation:

                  (1)      the Merger; and

                  (2)      the performance by the parties  of  their respective
covenants and obligations  under this Agreement.

                  "ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of
1974 or any successor law, and regulations and rules issued pursuant to such law
or any successor law.

                  "GAAP" means generally accepted  accounting  principles in the
United States, applied on a consistent basis.

                  "KNOWLEDGE"  means  actual  awareness by a Person of a fact or
other matter after all due inquiry; references to "Company's Knowledge" shall be
deemed to include  the  actual  awareness  after all due  inquiry of each of the
directors, executive officers and principal shareholders of the Company.

                  "LEGAL   REQUIREMENT"   means  any  federal,   state,   local,
municipal,  foreign,  international,  multinational or other administrative law,
ordinance,  principle  of common  law,  regulation,  statute,  treaty,  court or
arbitrator.


                                       24
<PAGE>

                  "ORDER"  means  any  award,  decision,  injunction,  judgment,
order,  ruling,  subpoena or verdict  entered,  issued,  made or rendered by any
court, administrative agency or other governmental body or by any arbitrator.

                  "ORDINARY  COURSE  OF  BUSINESS"  means an  action  taken by a
Person where:

                  (1) such action is consistent  with the past practices of such
Person and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal  day-to-day  operations
of such Person;

                  (2) such action is not required to be  authorized by the board
of  directors  of such  Person (or by any Person or group of Persons  exercising
similar authority); and

                  (3) such action is similar in nature and  magnitude to actions
customarily  taken,  without any  authorization by the board of directors (or by
any Person or group of Persons  exercising similar  authority),  in the ordinary
course of the normal day-to-day operations of other Persons that are in the same
line of business as such Person.

                  "ORGANIZATIONAL  DOCUMENTS"  means the articles or certificate
of incorporation and the by-laws of a corporation and any amendment thereto.

                  "PERSON"  means any  individual,  corporation  (including  any
non-profit  corporation),  general or  limited  partnership,  limited  liability
company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization, labor union or
other entity or governmental body.

                  "PROCEEDING" means any action,  arbitration,  audit,  hearing,
investigation,  litigation or suit  (whether  civil,  criminal,  administrative,
investigative or informal) commenced,  brought, conducted or heard by or before,
or otherwise involving, any governmental body or arbitrator.

                  "SEC" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

                  10.1 FEES AND EXPENSES.  Except as otherwise  provided in this
Agreement,  each party hereto will bear its own legal, accounting and other fees
and expenses  incident to the  Contemplated  Transactions  herein.  Any fees and
expenses  required  to be  paid by any  party  hereunder  shall  be  limited  to
reasonable and necessary fees and expenses

                  10.2  MODIFICATION,  AMENDMENTS AND WAIVER. The parties hereto
may amend,  modify or otherwise  waive any provision of this Agreement by mutual
consent, provided that such consent and any amendment, modification or waiver is
in writing and is signed by each of the parties hereto.


                                       25
<PAGE>

                  10.3  ASSIGNMENT.  Neither  the  Company nor SH shall have the
authority to assign its respective  rights or  obligations  under this Agreement
without the prior written consent of the SH Debenture Holder.

                  10.4 SUCCESSORS.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and, to
the  extent  permitted  in this  Agreement,  shall  inure to the  benefit of the
parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

                  10.5  ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  This  Agreement  and  the  exhibits,
schedules and other  documents  referred to herein contain the entire  agreement
among the  parties  hereto with  respect to the  Contemplated  Transactions  and
supersede all prior agreements with respect thereto, whether written or oral.

                  10.6  GOVERNING  LAW. This  Agreement and the exhibits  hereto
shall be governed by and construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of
New York,  without  giving  effect to  principles of conflicts or choice of laws
thereof.  Any  action  to  enforce  the  terms of this  Agreement  or any of its
exhibits shall be brought exclusively in the state and/or federal courts situate
in the County and State of New York.  Service of process in any action by either
party to enforce  the terms of this  Agreement  may be made by serving a copy of
the summons and  complaint,  in addition  to any other  relevant  documents,  by
commercial  overnight  courier to the other party at its  principal  address set
forth in this Agreement.

                  10.7  NOTICES.  Any  notice,  request,  instruction  or  other
document  to be given  hereunder  by any party  hereto  shall be in writing  and
delivered  personally or sent by registered  or certified  mail (return  receipt
requested),  postage prepaid, or by recognized  overnight carrier,  addressed as
follows:



                  If to SH:              Sanjay Haryama
                                         24351 Pasto Road, Suite B
                                         Dana Point, California 92629
                                         Attn:    Jay Hand
                                         Tel:     (949) 489-2400
                                         Fax:     (949) 489-0034

                  with copies to:        Kaplan Gottbetter & Levenson, LLP, or
                                         its successors or assigns
                                         630 Third Avenue
                                         New York, New York 10017
                                         Attn.:   Adam S. Gottbetter, Esq.
                                         Tel: (212) 983-6900
                                         Fax: (212) 983-9210


                                       26
<PAGE>

                  If to the Company:     HY-Tech Technology Group, Inc.
                                         1840 Boy Scott Drive
                                         Fort Meyers, Florida 33907

                                         Attn:      Gary F. McNear, CEO

                                         Tel:       (239) 278-4111
                                         Fax:       (239) 278-4691

                  with copies to:        David Loev, Esq.
                                         2777 Allen Parkway, Suite 1000
                                         Houston, Texas 77019
                                         Telephone:        (713) 524-4110
                                         Facsimile:        (713) 524-4122

                                         Kaplan Gottbetter & Levenson, LLP, or
                                         its successors or assigns
                                         630 Third Avenue
                                         New York, New York 10017
                                         Attn.:   Adam S. Gottbetter, Esq.
                                         Tel:     (212) 983-6900
                                         Fax:     (212) 983-9210

or to such other  persons or  addresses as may be  designated  in writing by the
party to receive  such  notice.  If mailed as  aforesaid,  the day of mailing or
transmission  shall be the date any such  notice  shall be  deemed  to have been
delivered.

                  10.8  COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement may be executed in two or
more  counterparts,  each of which shall be an original,  but all of which shall
constitute  but one  agreement.  In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall  create  a  valid  and  binding
obligation  of the  party  executing  (or on  whose  behalf  such  signature  is
executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature
page were an original thereof.

                  10.9  RIGHTS  CUMULATIVE.  All rights,  powers and  privileges
conferred  hereunder  upon the  parties,  unless  otherwise  provided,  shall be
cumulative  and  shall  not be  restricted  to those  given by law.  Failure  to
exercise any power given any party hereunder or to insist upon strict compliance
by any other party shall not  constitute a waiver of any party's right to demand
exact compliance with any of the terms or provisions hereof.

                  10.10  SEVERABILITY  OF  PROVISIONS.  The  provisions  of this
Agreement shall be considered severable in the event that any of such provisions
are held by a court of competent  jurisdiction to be invalid,  void or otherwise
unenforceable. Such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions shall be
automatically  replaced by other  provisions which are valid and enforceable and
which are as similar as possible in term and intent to those  provisions  deemed
to be invalid, void or otherwise  unenforceable.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the remaining  provisions hereof shall remain  enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

                                       27

<PAGE>

                  10.11  HEADINGS.  The  headings  set forth in the articles and
sections  of  this  Agreement  and in the  exhibits  and the  schedules  to this
Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed
to constitute a part hereof.



                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]



                                       28
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered on the date and year first above written.


                                            HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.


                                            By:
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 Gary F. McNear, CEO


                                            SANJAY HARYAMA


                                            By:
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 Jay Hand, President

The undersigned,  Secretary of Hy-Tech  Technology Group, Inc., hereby certifies
on the date and year first above written that this  Agreement and Plan of Merger
has been adopted pursuant to Section 251(c) of the Delaware General  Corporation
Law and that the conditions specified in the first sentence of said section have
been satisfied.

                                            HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.


                                            By:
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                 Name:  Gary F. McNear
                                                    Title:   Secretary

                                       29

<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
