<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v011020_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                RENEWAL PROMISSORY NOTE(Revolving Line Of Credit)


$225,000.00                                              Effective July 22, 2003
                                                         Naples, Florida

      FOR VALUE  RECEIVED,  ROBOTIC  WORKSPACE  TECHNOLOGIES,  INC.,  a Maryland
corporation,  authorized and registered as a foreign  corporation to do business
in the State of Florida, (sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "undersigned"
or the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of FIFTH THIRD BANK, FLORIDA or
any subsequent  holder of this Note ("Lender") at its principal  offices located
at 999 Vanderbilt Beach Road,  Naples,  Florida 34108 (or at such other place or
places as Lender may  designate)  the principal  sum of Two Hundred  Twenty Five
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($225,000.00) or so much thereof as may be from time
to time  outstanding,  plus interest  thereon at the Interest  Rate  hereinafter
defined,  all in  accordance  with the  terms  and  conditions  of this  Renewal
Promissory Note (this "Note").  This Note is secured by a Security  Agreement of
even  date (the  "Agreement"),  and UCC  Financing  Statements  (the  "Financing
Statements") and other agreements by and between Borrower and Lender. This Note,
Security  Agreement,   Financing   Statements  and  such  other  agreements  are
hereinafter  referred  to  collectively  as the  "Loan  Documents"  and the loan
evidenced  thereby is,  hereinafter  referred to as the "Loan" Terms used herein
but not  otherwise  defined  hereunder  are  defined  as set  forth  in the Loan
Documents. All of the terms,  definitions,  conditions and covenants of the Loan
Documents are expressly made a part of this Note by reference in the same manner
and with the same  effect as if set forth  herein at  length,  and any holder of
this Note is  entitled  to the  benefits  of and  remedies  provided in the Loan
Documents.  Subject  to the  terms  and  conditions  of this  Note  and the Loan
Documents,  Lender  shall  advance  funds to  Borrower,  such that  Borrower may
borrow,  partially or wholly repay, and reborrow,  on a revolving basis, up to a
maximum  principal  sum  equal to the face  amount  of this Note at any one time
outstanding, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4 below.

      1. Prime Rate.  For purposes  hereof,  "Prime Rate" means the  fluctuating
rate of interest per annum  established  by Lender as its prime  lending rate in
effect from time to time whether or not such rate shall be otherwise  published.
Such Prime Rate is established by Lender as an index or base rate and may or may
not at any time be the best or lowest rate of interest offered by Lender.

      2.  Interest  Rate.  The  outstanding  Loan  principal  balance shall bear
interest at a variable  Interest Rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate plus two
percent  (Prime Rate plus 2%). The  Interest  Rate  hereunder  shall be adjusted
daily in  accordance  with  fluctuations  in the Prime Rate.  Interest  shall be
computed  on the  basis of a daily  amount  of  interest  accruing  on the daily
outstanding  principal  balance  during a three  hundred  sixty  (360)  day year
multiplied by the actual number of days the principal is outstanding during such
applicable interest period.

      3. Terms of Repayment.  All accrued but unpaid  interest  shall be due and
payable monthly, in arrears,  with the first such payment due and payable August
22,  2003 and  subsequent  payments  due and payable on the same day of each and
every  month  thereafter  during the term of this Note.  All  accrued but unpaid
interest and the entire  outstanding  principal balance shall be due and payable
in full on the Maturity Date as defined in Paragraph 5 below.

                                       1
<PAGE>

This Renewal  Promissory Note renews that certain Renewal  Promissory Note dated
July 22,  2002 and  executed  by  Borrower  In favor of Lender  in the  original
principal  amount of $225,000 (the "Original  Note.").  Documentary  Stamp Taxes
were paid on the Original Note.  This Renewal Note does not extend or renew more
than the original face amount of the Original Note Pursuant to Florida  Statutes
Chapters 199 and 201, no additional stamp taxes are due hereon.  All payments of
principal and interest shall be made in lawful  currency of the United States of
America which shall be legal tender in payment of all debts, public and private,
at the time of payment.

      4.  Limitations  on  Advances.  Notwithstanding  anything  herein  to  the
contrary,  advances  under this Note  shall be  limited so that the  outstanding
principal balance at any one time shall not exceed $225,000.00.  If, at any time
during the term of this Note,  the  outstanding  principal  balance  exceeds the
limits set forth above,  Borrower shall  immediately pay to Lender the amount of
such excess. Subject to the above, so long as Borrower and any Guarantor are not
in  default  under any of the terms of this Note or other  Loan  Documents,  and
Borrower and any  Guarantor  are not in default  under any other  agreements  or
loans with  Lender,  Borrower may draw on this Note from time to time in amounts
requested by Borrower so long as the maximum outstanding principal amount of the
Loan at any one time shall not exceed $225,000.00.

      5.  Advances  Discretionary.   Notwithstanding   anything  herein  to  the
contrary,  all  advances  under this Note shall be at  Lender's  discretion  and
subject to Borrower's financial condition remaining acceptable to Lender.

      6.  Prepayment.  This Note may be  prepaid in whole or in part at any time
without  fee,  premium or penalty.  Any partial  prepayment  shall be applied in
accordance  with  paragraph  12 below and shall not postpone the due date of any
subsequent  periodic  installments or the Maturity Date, or change the amount of
such installments due, unless Lender shall otherwise agree in writing.

      7. Late Charges.  If Borrower fails to pay the installments of interest on
any due date  provided  for  herein or within  ten (10)  days  thereafter,  then
Borrower  further  promises to pay a late  payment  charge equal to five percent
(5%) of the amount of the  unpaid  installment  as  liquidated  compensation  to
Lender  for the extra  expense  to Lender to  process  and  administer  the late
payment,  Borrower  agreeing,  by execution  hereof,  that any other  measure of
compensation  for a late payment is speculative and impossible to compute.  This
provision for late charges shall not be deemed to extend the time for payment or
be a "grace  period"  or "cure  period"  that  gives  Borrower a right to cure a
Default or Default Condition.  Imposition of late charges is not contingent upon
the giving of any notice or lapse of any cure  period  provided  for in the Loan
Documents  and shall  not be  deemed a waiver of any right or remedy of  Lender,
including without limitation, acceleration of this Note.

      8. Maturity Date. The then outstanding  principal balance plus all accrued
but unpaid  interest shall be due and payable on January 22, 2004 (the "Maturity
Date").

                                       2
<PAGE>

      9.  Default.  Any failure of Borrower or any  Guarantor to comply with any
term,  covenant,  or  condition  of this Note,  including,  without  limitation,
Borrower's  failure to pay  principal,  interest,  or  expenses  when same shall
become due, or the existence of any Default  Condition or Default under the Loan
Documents, shall be deemed, at the option of Lender, a Default under this Note.

      10. Acceleration.  Upon the occurrence of a Default hereunder or under the
terms of any one or more of the Loan  Documents,  Lender  may  declare  the then
outstanding  principal and all accrued but unpaid  interest  immediately due and
payable and upon  acceleration  and thereafter  this Note shall bear interest at
the Default Rate,  hereinafter defined,  until all indebtedness evidenced hereby
and secured by the Loan Documents has been paid in full.  Further,  in the event
of such acceleration, the Loan, and all other indebtedness of Borrower to Lender
arising out of or in connection  with the Loan shall become  immediately due and
payable,  without  presentation,  demand,  protest or notice of any kind, all of
which are hereby  waived by Borrower.  Any judgment  rendered on this Note shall
bear interest at the Default Rate (as herein defined).

      11.  Default  Rate.  After default or maturity or upon  acceleration,  and
thereafter,  the unpaid  indebtedness  then evidenced by this Note and due under
and secured by the Loan  Documents  shall bear interest at a fixed rate equal to
the lesser of (a) the maximum rate then permitted  under  applicable law, or (b)
eighteen percent (18%) per annum.

      12.  Application of Payments.  All sums received by Lender for application
to the Loan may be applied by Lender to late charges, expenses, costs, interest,
principal,  and other amounts owing to Lender in connection with the Loan in the
order selected by Lender in its sole discretion.

      13. Expenses. In the event this Note is not paid when due on any stated or
accelerated  maturity  date, or should it be necessary for Lender to enforce any
other of its rights under this Note, or the Loan Documents, Borrower will pay to
Lender,  in addition to  principal,  interest and other charges due hereunder or
under the Loan  Documents,  all costs of  collection or  enforcement,  including
reasonable  attorneys' fees,  paralegal fees, legal  assistants' fees, costs and
expenses,  whether incurred with respect to collection,  litigation,  bankruptcy
proceedings,  interpretation,  dispute,  negotiation,  trial, appeal, defense of
actions  instituted by a third party against Lender arising out of or related to
the Loan, enforcement of any judgment based on this Note, or otherwise,  whether
or not a suit to collect  such  amounts or to enforce such rights is brought or,
if brought, is prosecuted to judgment.

      14.  Waiver.  All  persons  now or at any time  liable for payment of this
Note,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  including,  without  limitation,  any
Guarantor,  hereby waive presentment,  protest,  notice of protest and dishonor.
The undersigned  expressly consents to any extensions and renewals,  in whole or
in part, to the release of any or all Guarantors or co-makers and any collateral
security or portions thereof,  given to secure this Note, and all delays in time
of payment or other  performance which Lender may grant, in its sole discretion,
at any time and from time to time without limitation,  all without any notice or
further consent of Borrower,  and any such grant by Lender shall not be deemed a
Waiver of any subsequent  delay or any of Lender's rights hereunder or under the
Loan Documents.

                                       3
<PAGE>

      15. Usury. In no event shall this or any other provision  herein or in the
Loan  Documents,  permit the  collection of any interest which would be usurious
under the laws of the State of  Florida.  If any such  interest in excess of the
maximum rate allowable under applicable law has been collected,  Borrower agrees
that the amount of  interest  collected  above the  maximum  rate  permitted  by
applicable  law,  together  with  interest  thereon  at  the  rate  required  by
applicable  law,  shall be refunded to Borrower,  and Borrower  agrees to accept
such  refund,  or, at  Borrower's  option,  such  refund  shall be  applied as a
principal payment hereunder.

      16.  Modification.  This Note may not be  changed  orally,  but only by an
agreement in writing signed by the Lender and Borrower.

      17.  Applicable  Law.  This Note shall be  governed  by and  construed  in
accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.

      18.  Successors  and Assigns.  As used herein,  the terms  "Borrower"  and
"Lender"  shall  be  deemed  to  include  their   respective   heirs,   personal
representatives,  successors and assigns.  The owner of this Note may, from time
to time,  sell or offer to sell the loan  evidenced  by this Note,  or interests
therein,  to one or more assignees or participants  and is hereby  authorized to
disseminate  any  information  it has  pertaining to the Loan  evidenced by this
Note,  including,  without  limitation,  any  security  for this Note and credit
information  on Borrower,  any of its principals and any Guarantor of this Note,
to any  company  affiliated  with  the  owner  of this  Note,  any  assignee  or
participant,  and to the extent,  if any,  specified in any such  assignment  or
participation,  such affiliated  companies,  assignee(s) or participant(s) shall
have the  rights and  benefits  with  respect  to this Note,  and the other Loan
Documents as such person(s) would have if such person(s) were Lender  hereunder.
The owner of this Note may also disclose any such  information to any regulatory
body having jurisdiction over Lender.

      19.  Severability.  In the event any one or more of the provisions of this
Note shall for any reason be held to be invalid,  illegal, or unenforceable,  in
whole or in part or in any respect,  or in the event that any one or more of the
provisions  of this Note operates or would  prospectively  operate to invalidate
this Note,  then and in any of those events,  only such  provision or provisions
shall be deemed null and void and shall not affect any other  provision  of this
Note. The remaining  provisions of this Note shall remain  operative and in full
force and  effect  and shall in no way be  affected,  prejudiced,  or  disturbed
thereby.  In the event any  provisions  of this Note are  inconsistent  with the
provisions  of any of the  other  Loan  Documents,  or any other  agreements  or
documents executed in connection with this Note, this Note shall control.

      20.  Captions:  Pronouns.  Captions are for  reference  only and in no way
limit the terms of this Note.  The  pronouns  used in this  instrument  shall be
construed as masculine,  feminine, or neuter as the occasion may require. Use of
the singular includes the plural, and vice versa.

      21.  Business Day. Any reference  herein or in the Loan Documents to a day
or  business  day shall be deemed to refer to a banking day which shall be a day
on which Lender is open for the transaction of business,  excluding any national
holidays,  and any performance  which would otherwise be required on a day other
than a banking day shall be timely  performed in such instance,  if performed on
the next  succeeding  banking  day.  Notwithstanding  such  timely  performance,
interest  shall continue to accrue  hereunder  until such payment or performance
has been made,

                                       4
<PAGE>

      22. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE PARTIES  MUTUALLY AGREE THAT NEITHER PARTY,
NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR, OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PARTIES (ALL
OF WHOM ARE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS THE "PARTIES") SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN
ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM,  OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEDURE BASED
UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, ANY RELATED
AGREEMENT OR  INSTRUMENT,  ANY OTHER  COLLATERAL FOR THE DEBT OR THE DEALINGS OR
THE  RELATIONSHIP  BETWEEN  OR AMONG THE  PARTIES,  OR ANY OF THEM.  NONE OF THE
PARTIES WILL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE  ANY SUCH ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN
WAIVED  WITH ANY OTHER  ACTION IN WHICH A JURY  TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN  WAIVED.  THE
PROVISIONS  OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  HAVE BEEN FULLY  NEGOTIATED  BY THE PARTIES WITH
LENDER.  THE WAIVER CONTAINED  HEREIN IS IRREVOCABLE,  CONSTITUTES A KNOWING AND
VOLUNTARY WAIVER, AND SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS. LENDER HAS IN NO WAY AGREED WITH
OR  REPRESENTED  TO  BORROWER,  ANY  GUARANTOR,  OR ANY  OTHER  PARTY  THAT  THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed the
29th of August, 2003, effective July 22, 2003.


                                          Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.,
                                          a Maryland corporation


                                          By: /s/ Walter K. Weisel
                                          ------------------------
                                          Walter K. Weisel
                                          Its: President




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
