<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v07090_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") is made and entered into this 24th
day of February 2004 by and between Sheri Aws (the "KEY  EMPLOYEE")  and Robotic
Workspace Technologies, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the "COMPANY").

                                R E C I T A L S:

      A.    Company is in the primary  Business  of  developing,  marketing  and
            selling  software  products for use in the  operation of  industrial
            robot arms and automated systems. The Company also designs and sells
            computer hardware necessary to operate the software.

      B.    Key    Employee    has    certain     experience     as    a    Vice
            President-Administration that the Company believes to be valuable to
            it.

      C     The Company  desires to employ the Key Employee and the Key Employee
            desires to accept such employment.

      NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the promises,  mutual  covenants and
agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,  the
receipt and  sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the Company and the
Key Employee do hereby agree as follows:

      1.  Employment and Duties.  On the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this  Agreement,  the Company  agrees to employ the Key Employee as the
Vice  President-Administration  of the  Company  to perform  such  duties as are
consistent with such  position(s) as may be assigned,  from time to time, by the
Company  and to  render  such  additional  services  and  discharge  such  other
reasonable  responsibilities  as the Company may, from time to time,  stipulate.
Each of the parties  agree that for purposes of this  agreement  the  "BUSINESS"
shall  mean the  development,  technology,  marketing,  maintenance  and sale of
computer software,  controls,  and hardware  electronics for use in robotics for
manufacturing, automation, medical, entertainment, and service robot industries.

      2.  Performance.  The Key  Employee  accepts the  employment  described in
Section 1 of this  Agreement  and agrees to devote all of his/her  business time
and efforts except as specifically permitted herein to the faithful and diligent
performance of the services described herein,  including the performance of such
other  services  and  responsibilities  as the Company  may,  from time to time,
stipulate.  Without  limiting the generality of the foregoing,  the Key Employee
ordinarily  shall  devote not less than five days per week  except  for  regular
business holidays observed by the Company, the Key Employee's vacation days, and
days allowed for sick leave and family  emergencies to his/her  employment,  and
shall be present on the Company premises or actively engaged in service to or on

                                       6
<PAGE>

behalf of the Company  during normal  business  hours Monday  through Friday and
additional hours as required.  The Key Employee further agrees that he/she shall
be present on the  Company's  premises or  actively  engaged in service to or on
behalf  of the  Company  at  such  times  during  holidays  or  weekends  as the
performance of his/her duties may reasonably require.

      3. Term.  The term of employment  under this  Agreement  shall commence on
February  24, 2004 (the  "COMMENCEMENT  DATE") and shall  remain in effect for a
period of one (1) year,  ending on February  24, 2005 (the  "TERMINATION  DATE")
(and each subsequent one year anniversary, if extended, as provided herein shall
also be referred  to herein as a  Termination  Date)  unless  sooner  terminated
hereunder  (the  "EMPLOYMENT  PERIOD").  This Agreement  shall be  automatically
extended  each year for an additional  one (1) year period unless  terminated by
either party by giving written notice to the other no less than thirty (30) days
prior to the Termination Date.

      4.  Salary.  For all  the  services  to be  rendered  by the Key  Employee
hereunder,  the Company agrees to pay, during the Employment Period, a salary at
a rate of Forty Two Thousand Dollars ($42,000) per annum ("SALARY"),  payable by
Company in accordance  with its payroll  practices from time to time but no less
frequently  than  bi-monthly.  The  Salary  shall be  reviewed  annually  on the
anniversary  of the date on which the Key Employee  first began  working for the
Company.  Upon completion of the merger with Hy-Tech Technology Group and proper
financing,  Key  Employee  base  salary  will be set at Sixty  Thousand  Dollars
($60,000) per annum.

      5. Stock Options.  In further  consideration of Key Employee's  employment
and for entering this Agreement, the Company has previously granted Key Employee
stock options as indicated in the Key Employee's Robotic Workspace Technologies,
Inc.  Incentive  Stock Option  Agreement(s).  These options shall  automatically
terminate if Key Employee discusses the terms therein with any other employee of
the  Company  except the  President,  the Vice  President-Administration  or any
person designated in writing by the Chief Executive Officer.

      6. Bonus and Commissions.

            (a) Bonus.  During the Employment  Period, the Key Employee shall be
eligible for such  bonuses as may be deemed  advisable by the Board of Directors
or Compensation  Committee of the Company in consideration of the Key Employee's
performance  of his/her  duties and the  Company's  profitability.  The Company,
however,  shall not be  obligated  to pay any bonus until the Board of Directors
declares such bonus.


                                       7
<PAGE>

            (b)  Commissions.  During the  Employment  Period,  the Key Employee
shall be eligible to receive  commissions  in such amounts that have been agreed
upon and set forth on  Exhibit A to this  Agreement  and  approved  by the Chief
Executive Officer prior to accepting orders on behalf of the company.

      7. Other  Benefits.  Except as  otherwise  specifically  provided  herein,
during the Employment Period, the Key Employee shall be provided the opportunity
to participate in all benefits provided by Company to its other employees. Until
such time as Company provides Health and Dental plans,  Company will pay 100% of
COBRA premiums and 100% Dental  procedures  excluding  routine  maintenance  and
exams.

      8.  Surrender  of  Properties.  Upon  termination  of the  Key  Employee's
employment with the Company,  regardless of the cause therefor, the Key Employee
shall  promptly  surrender to the Company all property  provided  him/her by the
Company  for use in  relation  to his/her  employment,  and,  in  addition,  the
employee shall  surrender to the Company any and all sales  materials,  lists of
customers and prospective  customers,  price lists, files, patent  applications,
records,  models,  software files,  listings,  copies of Windows(R) software, or
other materials and  information of or pertaining to the Company,  its customers
or prospective customers, the products, Business, and operations of the Company.

      9. Inventions and Secrecy. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9,
the Key Employee:  (a) shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the
Company  all  secret  or  confidential  information,  knowledge,  or data of the
Company or its Business or  production  operations  obtained by the Key Employee
during his/her employment by the Company,  which shall not be generally known to
the public or recognized as standard  practice  (whether or not developed by the
Key Employee) and shall not, during his/her  employment by the Company and after
the  termination of such  employment for any reason,  communicate or divulge any
such  information,  knowledge or data to any person,  firm or corporation  other
than the Company or persons,  firms or  corporations  designated by the Company;
(b) shall promptly disclose to the Company all inventions,  ideas,  devices, and
processes  made or conceived by him/her  alone or jointly with others,  from the
time of entering the Company's  employ until such  employment is terminated  and
within the six (6) month period immediately following such termination, relevant
or  pertinent  in any way,  whether  directly or  indirectly,  to the  Company's
Business or  production  operations  or resulting  from or suggested by any work
which he/she may have done for the Company or at its request;  (c) shall, at all
times during his/her  employment  with the Company,  assist the Company in every
proper way  (entirely  at the  Company's  expense) to obtain and develop for the
Company's benefit patents or copyrights on such inventions,  ideas,  devices and
processes  including without limitation software and software files and listings
to be used with  industrial  automation  and industrial  robots,  whether or not
patented;  and (d) shall do all such acts and execute,  acknowledge  and deliver


                                       8
<PAGE>

all such  instruments  as may be  necessary  or  desirable in the opinion of the
Company to vest in the Company the entire  interest in such  inventions,  ideas,
devices,  and  processes  referred  to  above.  The  foregoing  to the  contrary
notwithstanding,  the Key  Employee  shall not be required to assign or offer to
assign to the  Company any of the Key  Employee's  rights in any  invention  for
which no  equipment,  supplies,  facility,  or trade secret  information  of the
Company  was used and which was  developed  entirely on the Key  Employee's  own
time,  unless (a) the  invention  related to (i) the  Business of the Company or
(ii) the Company's actual or demonstrably  anticipated  research or development,
or (b) the invention results from any work performed by the Key Employee for the
Company.  The  Key  Employee  acknowledges  his/her  prior  receipt  of  written
notification  of the limitation  set forth in the preceding  sentence on the Key
Employee's  obligation  to  assign or offer to  assign  to the  Company  the Key
Employee's  rights in  inventions.  In addition to and not in  limitation of the
above, the Key Employee further  acknowledges that he/she has been hired for the
purpose of assisting the Company in its  development and maintenance of computer
software, controls, and electronics hardware for use in robotics, manufacturing,
entertainment, and automation industries and that all such software and hardware
is owned and shall be exclusively owned by the Company.

         10.      Confidentiality of Information; Duty of Non-Disclosure.

            (a) The Key Employee acknowledges and agrees that his/her employment
by the Company under this Agreement  necessarily involves his/her  understanding
of and access to certain trade secrets and confidential  information  pertaining
to the Business of the Company.  Accordingly, the Key Employee agrees that after
the date of this Agreement at all times he/she will not, directly or indirectly,
without the express written  consent of the Company,  disclose to or use for the
benefit of any person,  corporation or other entity, or for  himself/herself any
and all files,  trade secrets or other confidential  information  concerning the
internal  affairs of the  Company,  including,  but not limited to,  information
pertaining to its trade secrets,  Business plans, clients,  services,  products,
earnings, finances, operations, methods or other activities,  provided, however,
that the foregoing  shall not apply to information  which is of public record or
is generally known, disclosed or available to the general public or the industry
generally.  Further,  the Key Employee agrees that he/she shall not, directly or
indirectly,  remove or retain,  without the express prior written consent of the
Company,  and upon  termination of this Agreement for any reason shall return to
the Company,  any figures,  calculations,  letters,  papers,  records,  computer
disks, computer print-outs,  lists, documents,  instruments,  drawings, designs,
programs, brochures, sales literature,  Business plans or any copies thereof, or
any  information  or  instruments  derived  therefrom,   or  any  other  similar
information  of any  type or  description,  however  such  information  might be
obtained or  recorded,  arising out of or in any way relating to the Business of
the Company or obtained as a result of his/her  employment by the Company except
as disseminated to the public at large or industry  generally.  The Key Employee
acknowledges that all of the foregoing are proprietary information,  and are the
exclusive  property of the Company.  The covenants  contained in this Section 10
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.


                                       9
<PAGE>

            (b) The Key Employee agrees and  acknowledges  that the Company does
not have any adequate  remedy at law for the breach or threatened  breach by the
Key Employee of his/her covenant,  and agrees that the Company shall be entitled
to  injunctive  relief to bar the Key  Employee  from such breach or  threatened
breach in addition to any other  remedies  which may be available to the Company
at law or in equity.

      11. Covenant Not to Compete.

            (a) During Employment Period.  During the Employment Period, the Key
Employee  shall not,  without the prior  written  consent of the Company,  which
consent may be withheld at the sole  discretion  of the  Company,  engage in any
other  business  activity  for  gain,  profit,  or  other  pecuniary   advantage
(excepting  the  investment  of funds in such form or manner as will not require
any services on the part of the Key Employee in the  operation of the affairs of
the companies in which such  investments are made) or engage in or in any manner
be  connected  or  concerned,  directly  or  indirectly,  whether as an officer,
director,  stockholder,  partner, owner, employee,  creditor, or otherwise, with
the operation,  management,  or conduct of any business that competes with or is
of a nature similar to that of the Company.

            (b) Following  Termination of Employment Period.  Within the one (1)
year period immediately  following the later of the end of the Employment Period
or termination of the Key Employee's employment with the Company, for any reason
except as set forth below, the Key Employee shall not, without the prior written
consent of the Company,  which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of
the Company: (a) engage in or in any manner be connected or concerned,  directly
or indirectly,  whether as an officer,  director,  stockholder,  partner, owner,
employee,  creditor, or otherwise with the operation,  management, or conduct of
any business  similar to the Business of the Company being conducted at the time
of such termination  anywhere in the United States,  and any other area in which
the Company is, or reasonably contemplating,  doing Business at the time of such
termination; (b) solicit, contact, interfere with, or divert any customer served
by the Company,  or any prospective  customer  identified by or on behalf of the
Company,  during the Key Employee's  employment with the Company; or (c) solicit
any person then or previously  employed by the Company to join the Key Employee,
whether as a partner, agent, employee or otherwise, in any enterprise engaged in
a business similar to the Business of the Company being conducted at the time of
such termination.


                                       10
<PAGE>

            (c)  Severability.  The  covenants of the Key Employee  contained in
Sections 9, 10, and 11 of this Agreement shall each be construed as an agreement
independent of any other provision in this  Agreement,  and the existence of any
claim or cause of  action  of the Key  Employee  against  the  Company,  whether
predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the
enforcement  by the Company of such  covenants.  Both parties  hereby  expressly
agree and contract  that it is not the  intention of either party to violate any
public policy, or statutory or common law, and that if any sentence,  paragraph,
clause, or combination of the same of this Agreement is in violation of the law,
such sentence,  paragraph,  clause or combination of the same shall be void, and
the remainder of such paragraph and this  Agreement  shall remain binding on the
parties to make the covenants of this Agreement  binding only to the extent that
it may be  lawfully  done.  In the event that any part of any  covenant  of this
Agreement is determined by a court of law to be overly broad thereby  making the
covenant  unenforceable,  the parties hereto agree, and it is their desire, that
such court shall  substitute a judicially  enforceable  limitation in its place,
and that as so modified  the  covenant  shall be binding  upon the parties as if
originally set forth herein.

      12. Termination.

            (a)   Unilateral   Termination.   Either  party  may  terminate  the
Employment  Period at any time by  written  notice of  termination  given to the
other party at least thirty (30) days in advance of the termination  date stated
in such notice.

            (b) Termination for Just Cause. The Company shall have the option to
terminate the Employment  Period,  effective  immediately upon written notice of
such  termination  to the Key  Employee,  for Just Cause.  For  purposes of this
Agreement, the term "Just Cause" shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of
the following  events:  (a) the death or permanent  total  disability of the Key
Employee or his/her  absence from  employment by reason of illness or incapacity
for a period of sixty (60) consecutive  days; (b) the breach by the Key Employee
of  his/her  covenants  under  this  Agreement;  (c) the  commission  by the Key
Employee  of  theft  or  embezzlement  of  Company  property  or  other  acts of
dishonesty;  (d) the  commission  by the Key  Employee of a crime  resulting  in
injury to the  Business,  property or reputation of the Company or any affiliate
of the Company or  commission  of other  significant  activities  harmful to the
Business or reputation  of the Company or any affiliate of the Company;  (e) the
commission of an act by the Key Employee in the  performance  of his/her  duties
hereunder  determined  by the Board of  Directors  of the  Company  to amount to
gross,  willful,  or wanton  negligence;  (f) the willful  refusal to perform or
substantial  neglect of the duties  assigned  to the Key  Employee  pursuant  to
Section 1 hereof;  (g) any significant  violation of any statutory or common law
duty of loyalty to the Company; or (h) other legally sufficient cause.


                                       11
<PAGE>

            Upon  termination  of  employment,  the Key  Employee  shall have no
rights to  compensation or severance for any period beyond the effective date of
termination.

      13. General Provisions.

            (a) Goodwill. The Company has invested substantial time and money in
the  development  of  its  products,  services,  territories,   advertising  and
marketing  thereof,  soliciting  clients and  creating  goodwill.  By  accepting
employment with the Company,  the Key Employee  acknowledges  that the customers
are the  customers  of the  Company,  and that any  goodwill  created by the Key
Employee belongs to and shall inure to the benefit of the Company.

            (b) Notices.  Any notice  required or permitted  hereunder  shall be
made in writing  (i) either by actual  delivery  of the notice into the hands of
the party  thereunder  entitled,  or (ii) by the  mailing  of the  notice in the
United States mail, certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,  all
postage  prepaid and addressed to the party to whom the notice is to be given at
the party's respective address as set forth in the records of the Company.

            The notice shall be deemed to be received in case (i) on the date of
its actual  receipt by the party  entitled  thereto and in case (ii) on the date
which is three (3) days after its mailing.

            (c)  Amendment  and Waiver.  No  amendment or  modification  of this
Agreement  shall be valid or binding upon the Company unless made in writing and
signed  by the  Chief  Executive  Officer  or an  officer  of the  Company  duly
authorized  by the Board of Directors  or upon the Key  Employee  unless made in
writing  and signed by  him/her.  The waiver by the Company of the breach of any
provision  of this  Agreement  by the  Key  Employee  shall  not  operate  or be
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by him/her.

            (d)  Entire  Agreement.   This  Agreement   constitutes  the  entire
agreement  between the parties  with  respect to the Key  Employee's  duties and
compensation as a Key Employee of the Company, and there are no representations,
warranties, agreements or commitments between the parties hereto with respect to
his/her employment except as set forth herein.

            (e) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State
of Florida.

            (f) Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement shall, for any
reason,  be held  unenforceable,  such  provision  shall be  severed  from  this
Agreement unless, as a result of such severance,  the Agreement fails to reflect
the basic intent of the parties. If the Agreement continues to reflect the basic
intent of the parties,  then the invalidity of such specific provision shall not
affect the  enforceability  of any other  provision  herein,  and the  remaining
provisions shall remain in full force and effect.


                                       12
<PAGE>

            (g)  Assignment.  The Key Employee  may not under any  circumstances
delegate any of his/her rights and obligations hereunder without first obtaining
the  prior  written  consent  of the  Company.  This  Agreement  and  all of the
Company's rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned or transferred by it,
in  whole or in part,  to be  binding  upon  and  inure  to the  benefit  of any
subsidiary or successor of the Company.

            (h) Costs of  Enforcement.  In the  event of any suit or  proceeding
seeking to enforce the terms,  covenants,  or conditions of this Agreement,  the
prevailing party shall, in addition to all other remedies and relief that may be
available  under this  Agreement  or  applicable  law,  recover  his/hers or its
reasonable  attorneys'  fees and costs as shall be determined and awarded by the
court.

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this  Agreement  is entered into on the day and year
first above written.

                                            COMPANY:
                                            Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.


                                            By: /s/ Walter K. Weisel
                                                ----------------------------
                                                Its: Chief Executive Officer



                                                KEY EMPLOYEE:


                                                /s/  Sheri Aws
                                                ----------------------------
                                                Sheri Aws


                                       13

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
