<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>v011020_ex10-2.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                                                         Effective July 22, 2003

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT

      FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED  and  intending  to  be  bound,   Robotic   Workspace
Technologies,  Inc., a Maryland  corporation,  authorized  and  registered  as a
foreign  corporation  to do business in the State of  Florida,  (the  "Debtor"),
whose principal address is 17105 San Carlos Boulevard,  A6151, Fort Myers Beach,
Florida,  33931,  hereby  pledges,  assigns  and  grants  to Fifth  Third  Bank,
Florida.,  (the "Creditor"),  its successors and assigns, as consideration for a
loan (the "Loan") of even date herewith in the amount of Two Hundred Twenty Five
Thousand and 00/100  Dollars  ($225,000.00)  to Debtor,  security title to and a
security interest in the property described hereinafter (the "Collateral"):

      1.  "Accounts."  Any and all of the  Debtor's  rights to payment for goods
sold,  for goods  leased and for  services  rendered,  or any of such  rights to
payment,   whether  now  owned  or  hereafter  acquired,  to  include,   without
limitation, a right to payment under a contract or contracts,  whether earned or
to be earned by further performance, together with any and all cash and non-cash
proceeds  received or to be received when such a Collateral is sold,  exchanged,
collected  or  otherwise  disposed  of, and  accounts  arising when the right to
payment is earned  under a contract or  contracts.  Accounts  shall also include
deposit  accounts,  which  shall  mean  any  demand,  time,  savings,  passbook,
certificate  of deposit or like  account  maintained  by any  Creditor,  savings
Creditor, credit union or like organization.

      2.  "Inventory."  Any and all  goods  held for sale  car  lease,  or being
processed  for  sale  or  lease,  in  Debtor's  business  as now or  hereinafter
conducted,  whether now owned or hereinafter  acquired,  including all materials
goods and work in progress, finished goods, and other tangible property and held
for sale or lease or furnished or to be furnished  under contracts of service or
used or consumed in Debtor's  business,  all documents  (including  documents of
title)  covering  inventory and all cash and non-cash  proceeds from the sale of
inventory, including proceeds from insurance.

      3.  "Equipment."  Any and all of the  Debtor's  furnishings,  fixtures and
equipment,  wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,  together
with all increases, parts, fittings,  accessories,  equipment, and special tools
now or hereinafter affixed to any part thereof or used in connection  therewith,
and all cash and non-cash proceeds, including proceeds from insurance,  received
from the disposition thereof.

      4. "Fixtures." All fixtures,  equipment and other goods, whether now owned
or  hereafter  acquired,  including  the  products,  additions,   Substitutions,
accessions,  and  all  cash  and  non-cash  proceeds,  including  proceeds  from
insurance of and to such goods, of the Debtor that are or will become so related
to real estate that they are or may become part of real estate.

      5. "General  Intangibles." All general intangibles of the Debtor,  whether
now owned or hereafter acquired.

                                       1
<PAGE>

      The security  interest is granted to the Creditor to secure the prompt and
unconditional  payment  and  performance  when due of any and all  indebtedness,
obligations and  liabilities to the Creditor of the Debtor,  or of a party whose
indebtedness  to the Creditor is being secured by the Collateral  which is owned
by the Debtor,  whether such  indebtedness is now existing or hereafter  arises,
whether  absolute  or  contingent,  direct or  indirect,  primary or  secondary,
secured or unsecured,  due or to become due, whether originally  contracted with
the  Creditor  or  subsequently  acquired  by the  Creditor  in any manner  (the
"Indebtedness").

      This  Collateral is pledged to secure  indebtedness  of Robotic  Workspace
Technologies, Inc., a Maryland corporation.

A. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      1. Debtor warrants and represents, and such representations and warranties
shall be continuing, as long as any indebtedness remains outstanding, that:

      2. Debtor is the owner of the  Collateral  free and clear of all liens and
security interests except the security interest granted hereby.

      3. Debtor has the right to make this  agreement and all actions  necessary
therefore have been duly taken.

      4. Debtor has been duly  incorporated  and  organized and is existing as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation
and is duly  qualified  and in good standing as a foreign  corporation  in those
jurisdictions  where the conduct of its business or ownership of its  properties
requires qualification.

      5. Debtor is in compliance  with all laws and  regulations  applicable and
necessary for the conduct of business by such entity.

      6. The  information  contained  herein is true and  correct as of the date
hereof to the best of Debtor's knowledge and belief.

      7. Each Account  pledged to the Creditor  hereunder  represents,  and each
Account  arising  hereafter will  represent,  the valid and legally  enforceable
indebtedness of a bona fide account debtor and is not and will not be subject to
set-offs, counterclaims or defenses except as disclosed to Creditor in writing.

      8. Each  instrument  pledged to  Creditor  hereunder  is in full force and
effect without  amendment or  modification,  and is binding upon and enforceable
against  the  obligor  thereon in  accordance  with its terms,  and there are no
setoffs, counterclaims or defenses except as disclosed to Creditor in writing

      9.  Debtor has filed all  federal,  state and local tax  returns and other
reports  it is  required  to file and has paid or made  adequate  provision  for
payment of all such taxes, assessments, and other governmental charges.

      10. Debtor uses no trade names in the conduct of its business, and has not
changed its name, except as disclosed to Creditor in writing.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      11.  Debtor  acknowledges  and  warrants  that  Debtor has  executed  this
Agreement in order to induce the Creditor to extend the financing secured hereby
and Debtor has received or will receive same  economic or other benefit from the
transaction(s)  which the Collateral  secures or will secure,  and that Debtor's
grant of a security  interest in the  Collateral  to the  Creditor  hereunder is
supported  by adequate  and  sufficient  legal  consideration  to make  Debtor's
obligations hereunder legally enforceable.

B. COVENANTS.

      As applicable, Debtor hereby agrees that:

      1. As long as any  Indebtedness  to Creditor is  outstanding,  Debtor will
not,  without the prior written  consent of Creditor,  borrow from anyone except
Creditor on the security of the Collateral.

      2. All  records  pertaining  to the  Accounts  will be kept at the address
indicated above, and Debtor will notify Creditor in writing not less than thirty
(30) days in advance of any intended change

      3. Until  Creditor  directs  otherwise,  Debtor will collect the Accounts,
subject to the  direction  and  control of  Creditor.  Any  proceeds of Accounts
collected by Debtor will, upon the request of Creditor, be immediately delivered
to Creditor in the form  received  except for necessary  endorsements  to permit
collection.

      4. Upon any  request of  Creditor,  Debtor will  furnish  Creditor an aged
analysis of all  outstanding  Accounts,  in form and substance  satisfactory  to
Creditor.

      5. All inventory  now owned or hereafter  acquired will be, prior to sale,
in the  possession  of Debtor at the address  indicated  above,  and all records
thereof are kept at such address;  Debtor will give  Creditor  thirty (30) days'
written notice before changing the location of such Inventory or records.

      6. Debtor will,  at  Creditor's  request,  deliver to Creditor any and all
evidence of ownership of any and all Collateral.

      7. The Equipment is in the  possession of Debtor at the address  reflected
above.  If that  location  is not owned by Debtor,  or if any of the  Collateral
constitutes Fixtures,  Debtor will provide Creditor with disclaimers and waivers
necessary to make Creditor's  security interest therein valid against any person
holding an interest  in such real  estate.  Debtor will not change the  location
address of any Equipment without giving the,  Creditor  reasonable prior written
notice.

      8. Debtor will keep and maintain all Equipment in good operating condition
and repair,  so that the value and  operating  efficiency  thereof  shall at all
times be maintained and preserved.

      9. Debtor shall have and maintain  with  financially  sound and  reputable
insurers,  insurance  satisfactory  in all  respects  to Creditor  covering  the
Collateral  against  liability  and such other  risks as Creditor  may  require,
including standard extended coverage in an amount at least equal to the value of
the Collateral.  Policies evidencing any such property insurance shall contain a
standard loss-payee  provision providing for payment of any loss to Creditor and
shall provide for a minimum of ten (10) days' prior  written  notice to Creditor
of any  cancellation.  Creditor  may act as  attorney  for Debtor in  obtaining,
adjusting,  settling and  canceling  such  insurance  and  endorsing  any drafts
representing payments of claims under such policies. If Debtor at any time fails
to maintain the insurance required hereunder, Creditor may purchase the same and
assess the cost thereof against the Debtor.  Debtor shall furnish  Creditor with
certificates or other evidence of compliance with these insurance provisions.

                                       3
<PAGE>

      10.  Debtor  agrees to pay to Creditor all  advances,  charges,  costs and
expenses (including  reasonable  attorneys' fees and legal expenses) incurred by
Creditor  in  connection  with  the  transaction  giving  rise to this  Security
Agreement, in connection with confirming, perfecting and preserving the security
interest created hereunder,  in connection with protecting  Creditor against the
claims of any third person against the Collateral,  and in exercising any right,
power or remedy  granted to Creditor  hereunder  or by law,  including,  without
limitation,  attorneys'  fees  incurred in  litigation  and  administrative  and
bankruptcy proceedings and appeals therefrom.

      11. The term "Collateral" shall include the property described hereinabove
and the balance of every  deposit  account of Debtor with Creditor and any other
claim of Debtor against Creditor, whether now existing or hereafter arising.

      12.  Debtor will defend the  Collateral  against the claims and demands of
all persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein

      13. Debtor shall maintain its primary depository accounts with Creditor.

      14. Debtor shall provide Creditor with quarterly financial  statements (no
later than 30 days after the end of each  quarter) and a copy of Debtors  annual
tax return  (which shall be provided no later than 30 days after such return has
been filed with the Internal Revenue Service).  In addition,  Debtor shall cause
any Guarantor of the Loan to furnish Creditor with an annual personal  financial
statement  and tax return  (which  shall be provided no later than 30 days after
each Guarantors tax return has been filed with the Internal Revenue Service).

Creditor hereby agrees that Creditor will subordinate this Security Agreement to
a Line of Credit loan granted to Creditor by an institutional  lender so long as
the terms,  conditions and amount of such loan are  satisfactory  to Creditor in
Creditor's sole and absolute discretion.

C. EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

      1. Default in the payment of any  principal,  interest,  or other  charges
with respect to any of the Indebtedness as and when due.

      2. Default in the  observance or  performance of any covenant or agreement
set forth herein or in any  agreement,  note or instrument  heretofore,  now, or
hereafter executed by Debtor in favor of Creditor.

      3.  Any   representation,   warranty,   certificate,   schedule  or  other
information made or furnished by Debtor to Creditor herein or pursuant hereto is
or shall be untrue or materially misleading.

                                       4
<PAGE>

      4. Loss,  theft,  damage,  or destruction  of any material  portion of the
Collateral for which there is either no insurance  coverage or for which, in the
opinion of the Creditor, there is insufficient insurance coverage.

      5.  The  making  of any  levy,  seizure,  or  attachment  upon  any of the
Collateral.

      6. The Debtor or Obligor or any  Guarantor of the  Indebtedness  shall (a)
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of
itself, or of all or a substantial part of its assets, (b) be unable or admit in
writing  its  inability  to pay its debts as they  fall due,  (c) make a general
assignment  for the benefit of its  creditors,  (d) be adjudicated a bankrupt or
insolvent,  or (e) file a voluntary  petition in  bankruptcy or a petition or an
answer  seeking  reorganization  or an  arrangement  with  creditors  or to take
advantage of any insolvency law or an answer admitting the material  allegations
of a petition filed against it in any bankruptcy,  reorganization, or insolvency
proceeding,  or any  corporate  action  shall be taken by it far the  purpose of
effecting any of the foregoing.

      7. An order,  judgment or decree shall be entered without the application,
approval  or  consent  of the  Debtor  or  Obligor  by any  court  of  competent
jurisdiction,  approving  a  petition  seeking  reorganization  of the Debtor or
Obligor or  appointing  a  receiver,  trustee,  or  liquidator  of the Debtor or
Obligor of any or a substantial part of its assets and such order,  judgment, or
decree  shall  continue  unstayed and in effect for a period of more than thirty
(30) consecutive days.

      8. The  termination,  dissolution or death of the  Shareholders of Debtor,
Obligor or any Guarantor of the Indebtedness.

      If any Event of Default shall occur,  then or at any time thereafter,  the
Creditor  may declare all  indebtedness  of the Debtor or Obligor to be due ,and
payable,  without  notice,  protest,  presentment,  or demand,  all of which are
expressly waived by Debtor, and Creditor shall have any and all other rights and
remedies provided for herein.

D. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.

      The  Creditor  shall have,  in addition to any other  rights and  remedies
contained  in this  Agreement,  and any  other  agreements,  guarantees,  notes,
instruments and documents heretofore,  now, or at any time hereafter executed by
Debtor and delivered to the  Creditor,  all the rights and remedies of a secured
party' under the Uniform Commercial Code or any other applicable law in force in
the State of Florida as of the date hereof, or as subsequently  amended,  all of
which rights and remedies shall be cumulative and nonexclusive,  as permitted by
law.

      During  the life of this  Agreement,  Creditor  shall  have the  following
rights and remedies:

      1.  Creditor,  and any  agent  of  Creditor,  is  hereby  constituted  and
appointed as true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Debtor with power:

      (a) With regard to Accounts, to notify or require Debtor to notify any and
all  account  debtors  or  parties  against  which  Debtor  has a claim that the
Accounts  have been  assigned to Creditor  and/or that  Creditor  has a security
interest therein and that all payments should be made to Creditor;

                                       5
<PAGE>

      (b) To  endorse  the  name of  Debtor  upon  any  instruments  of  payment
(including  payments made under any policy of insurance)  that may come into the
possession of Creditor in full or part payment of any amount owing to Creditor;

      (c) To sign and endorse the name of Debtor  upon any  invoice,  freight or
express  bill,  bill of lading,  storage or  warehouse  receipt,  draft  against
account  debtors or other  obligors  and with  regard to  Accounts,  to sign and
endorse  the name of  Debtor  on any  assignment,  verification,  and  notice in
connection therewith,  and any instrument or document relating thereto or to the
rights of Debtor therein;

      (d) To notify post office  authorities  to change the address for delivery
of mail of Debtor to an address designated by Creditor and to receive, open, and
dispose of all mail addressed to Debtor;

      (e) With regard to Accounts,  to send requests for verification of account
debtors or other obligors;

      (f) To sell,  assign, sue for, collect or compromise payment of all or any
part of the  Collateral  in the name of Debtor  or in its own name,  or make any
other disposition of the Collateral,  or any part thereof, which disposition may
be for cash, credit or any combination thereof; and

      (g) To  purchase  all or any  part of the  Collateral  at  public  or,  if
permitted by law,  private sale,  and in lieu of actual payment of such purchase
price, to set off the amount of such price against the indebtedness.

      2. Granting to Creditor,  as the attorney-in-fact of Debtor, full power of
substitution and full power to do any and all things necessary to be done in and
about the premises as fully and  effectually as Debtor might or could do but for
this  appointment,  and hereby  ratifying all that said  attorney-in-fact  shall
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof, neither Creditor nor its agent
shall be  liable  for any acts or  omissions  or for any  error of  judgment  or
mistake of fact or law in its capacity as such  attorney-in-fact.  This power of
attorney is coupled  with an interest  and shall be  irrevocable  as long as any
Indebtedness shall remain outstanding.

      Creditor  shall have the right to enter and/or remain upon the premises of
Debtor,  without any  obligation  to pay rent to Debtor or others,  or any other
place or places where any of the Collateral is located or kept, and:

      (a) Remove  Collateral  therefrom to the premises of Creditor or any agent
of Creditor,  for such time as Creditor may desire, in order to maintain,  sell,
collect and/or liquidate the Collateral;

      (b) Use such  premises,  together  with  materials,  supplies,  books  and
records  of  Debtor;  to  maintain   possession  and/or  the  condition  of  the
Collateral,   and  to  prepare  the  Collateral  for  selling,   liquidating  or
collecting;

                                       6
<PAGE>

      (c) Creditor may require  Debtor to assemble  the  Collateral  and make if
available  to  Creditor  at a  place  to be  designated  by  Creditor  which  is
reasonably convenient to both parties; and

      (d) Any  notice  required  to be given to  Creditor  under  law or by this
Agreement,  when deposited in the United States mails addressed to Debtor at its
address above (or at such other address as shall have  previously  been provided
to  Creditor  in  writing)  at least five (5) days prior to any action  Creditor
proposes  to take,  shall  constitute  reasonable  notice  to Debtor of any such
action.

      The net proceeds  realized by Creditor upon a sale or other disposition of
the  Collateral,  or any  part  thereof,  after  deduction  of the  expenses  of
retaking,  holding,  preparing  for sale,  selling or the like,  and  reasonable
attorneys' fees end other expenses incurred by Creditor, shall be applied toward
satisfaction of the indebtedness hereunder. Creditor shall account to Debtor for
any surplus  realized  upon such sale or other  disposition  and Debtor or other
Obligor shall remain liable for any deficiency.

      The commencement of any action,  legal or equitable,  shall not affect the
security interest of Creditor in the Collateral until the Indebtedness hereunder
or any judgment therefore are fully paid.

E. MISCELLANEOUS.

      No waiver by  Creditor  of any  default  shall  operate as a waiver of any
other default or of the same default on a future occasion.  No delay or omission
on the part of Creditor in  exercising  any right or remedy  shall  operate as a
waiver  thereof,  and no single or partial  exercise by Creditor of any right or
remedy  shall  preclude or affect any other or further  exercise  thereof or the
exercise of any right or remedy.  Time is of the essence in this Agreement.  The
provisions  of  this   Agreement  are   cumulative  to  the  provisions  of  any
Indebtedness and any note or other writing  evidencing any Indebtedness  secured
by this Agreement, and Creditor shall have all the benefits, rights and remedies
of and under  any  Indebtedness  and any note or other  writing  evidencing  any
Indebtedness  secured  hereby.  The singular  pronoun,  when used herein,  shall
include the plural, and the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine. All
rights of Creditor  hereunder  shall inure to the benefit of its  successors and
assigns;  and all  obligations  of  Debtor  shall  bind  the  heirs,  executors,
administrators, successors and assigns of each Debtor.

      This  Agreement is delivered in and shall be construed  under the internal
laws and  judicial  decisions  of the State of  Florida,  and the laws of United
States as the same might be applicable.  In any litigation in connection with or
to enforce this Agreement,  Debtor irrevocably  consents to and confers personal
jurisdiction  on the courts of the State of Florida or the United  States courts
located within the State of Florida,  and expressly  waives any objections as to
venue in any of such  courts;  and agrees that service of process may be made on
Debtor by mailing a copy of the summons and complaint by registered or certified
mail, return receipt  requested,  to Debtor's address.  Nothing contained herein
shall, however,  prevent the Creditor from bringing any action or exercising any
rights  within  any  other  state or  jurisdiction  or from  obtaining  personal
jurisdiction by any other means available by applicable law.

                                       7
<PAGE>

BORROWER  HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION BROUGHT ON THIS
AGREEMENT OR ON ANY MATTER ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  this Agreement has been duly executed the 29th day of
August, 2003, effective July 22, 2003.

Witnesses:


                                           Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.,
                                           a Maryland corporation


/s/ Scott D. Koenig                        /S/ Walter K. Weisel
---------------------                      -----------------------
Print Name: /s/ Scott D. Koenig            Walter K. Weisel
            -------------------            Its: President


/s/ Paula Malone
---------------------
Print Name: Paula Malone
            ------------


                                       8


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
