<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2


                                                                  Execution Copy
                                                                  --------------

                                                               November 10, 2006

                                                        PLAN SUPPORT AGREEMENT

         WHEREAS, SeraCare Life Sciences, Inc. (as debtor and
debtor-in-possession, the "Debtor") commenced a voluntary case under chapter 11
of the Bankruptcy Code on March 22, 2006 (the "Bankruptcy Case");

         WHEREAS, Harbinger Capital Partners Master Fund I, L.P., Harbinger
Capital Partners Special Situations Fund L.P. (collectively, "Harbinger"),
Blackhorse Capital Advisors LLC ("Blackhorse") and certain funds and accounts
collectively known as The Wolfson Group are the members of an ad hoc committee
of equityholders (the "Ad Hoc Committee"), and collectively hold over 30% of the
outstanding common shares of the Debtor;

         WHEREAS, exclusivity has been terminated in the Bankruptcy Case, and
the Ad Hoc Committee is prepared to file and seek confirmation of a plan of
reorganization that the Debtor would possibly oppose;

         WHEREAS, the Debtor has filed a motion seeking approval of a financing
(Docket No. 668, the "Financing Motion") that the Ad Hoc Committee opposes, and
the Ad Hoc Committee has filed an Objection to the Financing Motion;

         WHEREAS, in connection with the Financing Motion, the Debtor would
likely file and seek confirmation of a plan of reorganization that the Ad Hoc
Committee would oppose;

         WHEREAS, the Debtor and the Ad Hoc Committee also have other disputes;

         WHEREAS, a securities-fraud class-action relating to the Debtor is
pending against various parties, including the current directors of the Debtor,
styled In re SeraCare Life Sciences, Inc. Securities Litigation, S.D. Cal.
05-CV-2335 (the "10b5 Class Action"), and the plaintiffs in such action have
filed a class proof of claim in the Bankruptcy Case (the "Class Action Class 6
Claim");

         WHEREAS, the Debtor and the Ad Hoc Committee have determined to settle
their disputes regarding the reorganization of the Debtor and many of their
other disputes, by filing and seeking confirmation of a joint plan of
reorganization, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
"Joint Plan"), and committing to consent to settlements with various other
parties in interest on certain terms;

         NOW THEREFORE, the Debtor and the undersigned members of the Ad Hoc
Committee, for good and valuable consideration, hereby agree as follows:

         1.       Withdrawal of Financing Motion. The Debtor shall immediately
file and prosecute a motion (the "Plan Procedures Motion") seeking Bankruptcy
Court entry of an order in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Plan

<PAGE>

Procedures Order") that: (i) pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 7041, approves
withdrawal of the Financing Motion and no further performance by the Debtor of
any obligations to Allegiant (including payment of any breakup fee or
substantial contribution claim, except that Allegiant's rights, if any, under a
minute order of the court regarding payment of $100,000 legal fees and $35,000
of due diligence expenses, with all parties in interest retaining their rights
regarding such amounts), (ii) vacates the existing scheduling order with respect
to the Financing Motion, and (iii) approves, and authorizes and directs the
Debtor to perform, the provisions of this Agreement. The Debtor shall seek an
order shortening time seeking to have the Plan Procedures Motion heard on the
current hearing date of November 20, 2006, or as soon thereafter as the motion
may be heard. The Ad Hoc Committee shall support the Plan Procedures Motion. All
other covenants in this Agreement shall be subject to the entry of the Plan
Procedures Order.

         2.       Rights Offering Backstop Commitment. Contemporaneously
herewith, certain members of the Ad Hoc Committee (the "Backstop Purchasers")
are delivering to the Debtor: (i) irrevocable commitment letters with an
aggregate commitment of $20 million of funding for the rights offering to be
consummated via the Joint Plan and (ii) certification that the Backstop
Purchasers have the ability to financially perform such commitments. The
commitment letters may be rescinded if the Bankruptcy Court does not make a
ruling approving the Plan Procedures Motion prior to November 21, 2006.

         3.       Option for Purchase of Bank Debt. For the sole benefit of the
Debtor the Backstop Purchasers hereby also agree, upon written request of the
Debtor, that they will (i) purchase the existing bank debt of the Debtor at par,
on an as-is, where-is basis (with each Backstop Purchaser acquiring a share set
forth in the commitment letter described in paragraph 2) and replace the agent
and collateral agent, if the Debtor provides express written consent to such
purchase and to the replacement of the agents with one or more affiliates of the
Backstop Purchasers (it being understood that such agents would not be
commercial banks), (ii) consent, following the consummation of such purchase and
until June 30, 2007, to the Debtor's use of collateral and cash collateral
without requiring a budget or any interim payments of interest, principal or
fees, and no other adequate protection except the existing replacement liens and
liens on the proceeds of any collateral sold outside the ordinary course of
business and (iii) in the event of such purchase, not demand the payment of any
default interest (from and after the Petition Date), so long as all other
interest, principal and accrued fees and expenses are paid by the Debtor.

         4.       Fees and Expenses of Ad Hoc Committee. In consideration of,
among other things, the agreements of the Backstop Purchasers set forth in
paragraphs 2 and 3, and also pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 503(b)(3) and
(b)(4), the Debtor hereby agrees to pay, without further motion or order (except
the entry of the Plan Procedures Order), the fees and expenses of the Ad Hoc
Committee incurred to date in the bankruptcy case, and the fees and expenses of
the Ad Hoc Committee until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement and
the effective date of the Joint Plan, which shall be payable immediately upon
the earlier of (i) the entry of any order confirming any plan of reorganization
in the Bankruptcy Case, whether the Joint Plan or any other plan sponsored by
any other person, (ii) conversion or dismissal of the Bankruptcy Case and (iii)
any termination of this Agreement other than for material breach by the Ad Hoc
Committee or under clause 9(f); provided, however, that in the event of a
material breach of this Agreement by the Ad Hoc Committee prior to any of the

<PAGE>

foregoing events, no such fees shall not be payable except on further motion of
the Ad Hoc Committee, with the Debtor and all parties in interest retaining
their rights to object to such motion.

         5.       Support of Joint Plan. Each of the undersigned hereby agrees
to use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file and prosecute a motion
seeking approval of the disclosure statement (the "Joint Disclosure Statement")
attached hereto as Exhibit C, and voting procedures and other ancillary relief
regarding the voting process and to schedule a hearing on confirmation of the
Joint Plan and (ii) seek confirmation of the Joint Plan. Until termination of
the Agreement, the Ad Hoc Committee shall not support or propose any other plan
of reorganization other than the Joint Plan. The Debtor agrees to provide a
written report to counsel to the Ad Hoc Committee not later than 25 days after
the end of the month, reporting the Debtor's EBITDA (excluding the GCI business)
for the prior month.

         6.       No Other Debtor Plan.
                  --------------------

                  a.       In light of the fact that exclusivity has been
                           terminated and any party in interest may file and
                           seek confirmation of a plan of reorganization, the
                           Debtor shall not file, or seek confirmation of, or be
                           the proponent or co-proponent of, any other plan of
                           reorganization in the bankruptcy case other than the
                           Joint Plan, and shall not assist any other party in
                           prosecuting confirmation of any plan of
                           reorganization; provided, however, that the Debtor
                           shall be permitted to provide due diligence materials
                           to other persons seeking to file plans of
                           reorganization, so long as the Debtor (i) promptly
                           alerts the Ad Hoc Committee of the requests and
                           provision of such information, and (ii)
                           contemporaneously provides the same information to
                           the Ad Hoc Committee.

                  b.       This paragraph 6 is a material part of the settlement
                           of disputes in this Agreement (including the Ad Hoc
                           Committee's agreement to proceed with the Joint
                           Plan), and the Ad Hoc Committee is agreeing to
                           support the Joint Plan specifically in reliance on
                           the Debtor's agreement not to file any other plan,
                           based on the cases of In re Palmer, 134 B.R. 472
                           (Bankr. D. Conn. 1991); In re Lenox, 902 F. 2d 737
                           (9th Cir. 1990); and In re Allen, 300 F. 3d 1055 (9th
                           Cir. 2002).

                  c.       The Debtor's obligations in this paragraph 6 shall
                           survive termination of this Agreement, so long as the
                           Ad Hoc Committee did not materially breach this
                           Agreement prior to its termination and the Ad Hoc
                           Committee is pursuing the confirmation of a plan of
                           reorganization (i) that pays all general
                           nonsubordinated unsecured creditors in full, in cash,
                           with interest on the Effective Date of such plan (or,
                           with respect to any disputed claim, forthwith after
                           such claim is allowed), (ii) but which may otherwise
                           be on terms different from the Joint Plan with
                           respect to (A) any provision of the Joint Plan that
                           the Bankruptcy Court has affirmatively indicated it
                           would not approve and (B) any price adjustments set
                           forth in paragraph 10.
<PAGE>

         7.       D&O Insurance. The Ad Hoc Committee agrees that, after (i)
entry of the Plan Procedures Order and (ii) receipt of a written consent from
all the current members of the Debtor's special board committee and any present
and former directors and officers of the Debtor who have taken a position with
respect to the pending motion for lift-stay with respect to the Debtor's
directors and officers insurance, that the Ad Hoc Committee shall consent to the
pending motion to lift the stay with respect to the directors and officers
insurance. The written consent of the directors and officers shall consent to
immediate payment to the Debtor from such insurance of all amounts paid and/or
accrued as of the date of this Agreement by the Debtor in connection with the
defense (whether for the Debtor or present or former directors and officers) of
the 10b5 Class Action, the Class Action Class 6B Claim and the Government
Investigations.

         8.       Agreements Regarding Future Litigation.
                  --------------------------------------

                  a.       The Debtor and the Ad Hoc Committee shall jointly
                           prosecute a motion to estimate the Class Action Class
                           6B Claim.

                  b.       The Ad Hoc Committee shall use commercially
                           reasonable efforts to prosecute a motion to disallow,
                           under Bankruptcy Code Section 502(e) (and on any
                           other grounds that the Ad Hoc Committee deems
                           appropriate, after consultation with the Debtor), one
                           or more (at the election of the Ad Hoc Committee) of
                           the indemnification, reimbursement and contribution
                           claims that would otherwise be Class 6B Claims.

         9.       Termination. This Agreement shall terminate, upon notice given
by any party to this Agreement:

                  a.       If the bankruptcy case is dismissed or converted, or
                           there is appointment of a trustee or examiner with
                           expanded powers;

                  b.       If the Bankruptcy Court does not make a ruling
                           approving the Joint Disclosure Statement on or before
                           December 31, 2006;

                  c.       If the Bankruptcy Court does not enter an order
                           confirming the Joint Plan on or before May 31, 2007;

                  d.       If the Effective Date of the Joint Plan has not
                           occurred on or before June 30, 2007;

                  e.       If the EBITDA of the Debtor for the trailing 6 months
                           is less than $1.5 million (excluding the GCI business
                           and nonrecurring charges) measured in any month
                           beginning with February 2007, unless the Joint Plan
                           has been confirmed by February 28, 2007 and the
                           Effective Date has occurred by March 31, 2007; and

                  f.       Any material breach of this Agreement by the Debtor
                           or the Ad Hoc Committee (notice may only be given by
                           nonbreaching party).

<PAGE>

In the case of a termination, there shall be no liability of either party,
except that in all cases except a material breach by the Ad Hoc Committee, the
Debtor shall continue to be obligated to comply with paragraph 6.

         10.      Certain Price Adjustments. For each semi-monthly period
(ending either on the 15th day or the last day of each month) after February 28,
2007 until the Joint Plan is confirmed, the Subscription Price in the Rights
Offering shall be reduced by $0.25/share. For each 15-day period after the 30th
day after the Bankruptcy Court rules in favor of confirming the Joint Plan,
until the Effective Date of the Joint Plan, the Subscription Price in the Rights
Offering shall be reduced by $0.25/share; provided that there shall be no
adjustment pursuant to this sentence so long as the Effective Date of the Joint
Plan occurs on or prior to March 31, 2007 corresponding adjustments shall be
made to the number of shares in the offering to maintain the total financing
amount.


                               [signatures follow]

<PAGE>
                  SERACARE LIFE SCIENCES, INC.

                  By: /s/ SUSAN L. N. VOGT
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Susan L.N. Vogt
                      Title: President & Chief Executive Officer


                  HARBINGER CAPITAL PARTNERS MASTER FUND I, Ltd.
                  By: Harbinger Capital Partners Offshore Manager, L.L.C.
                  By: HMC Investors, L.L.C., Managing Member

                  By: /s/ PHILIP A. FALCONE
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Philip A. Falcone
                      Title: Vice President

                      Shares: 2,829,258
                              ----------------


                  HARBINGER CAPITAL PARTNERS SPECIAL SITUATIONS FUND, L.P.
                  By: Harbinger Capital Partners Special Situations GP, LLC
                  By: HMC - New York, Inc., Managing Member

                  By: /s/ PHILIP A. FALCONE
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Philip A. Falcone
                      Title: Vice President

                      Shares: 137,800
                              ----------------


                  BLACK HORSE CAPITAL L.P.
                  By: Black Horse Capital Management LLC

                  By: /s/ DALE B. CHAPPELL
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Dale B. Chappell
                      Title: Managing Member

                      Shares: 673,957
                              ---------------


                  BLACK HORSE CAPITAL (QP) LP
                  By: Black Horse Capital Management LLC

                  By: /s/ Dale B. Chappell
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Dale B. Chappell
                      Title: Managing Member

                      Shares: 205,653
                              ---------------



<PAGE>



                  BLACK HORSE CAPITAL OFFSHORE LTD.
                  By: Black Horse Capital Advisors LLC

                  By: /s/ DALE B. CHAPPELL
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Dale B. Chappell
                      Title: Managing Member

                      Shares: 162,240
                              ---------------


                  CHESED CONGREGATIONS OF AMERICA

                  By: /s/ ANDREW WOLFSON
                      ------------------------------------------
                      Name:  Andrew Wolfson
                      Title: V.P. & Treasurer

                      Shares: 161,260
                              ---------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
