<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>v02910_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

      This Securities Purchase Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is dated as of April
23, 2004,  among TNX  Television  Holdings,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation  (the
"COMPANY"), and the investors identified on the signature pages hereto (each, an
"INVESTOR" and collectively, the "INVESTORS").

      WHEREAS,  subject to the terms and  conditions set forth in this Agreement
and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the  Securities  Act (as defined below) and Rule
506  promulgated  thereunder,  the  Company  desires  to issue  and sell to each
Investor, and each Investor, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from
the Company certain  securities of the Company,  as more fully described in this
Agreement.

      NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this
Agreement,  and for  other  good and  valuable  consideration  the  receipt  and
adequacy of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the Company and the Investors agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                                   DEFINITIONS

      1.1  Definitions.  In  addition  to the terms  defined  elsewhere  in this
Agreement,  for all purposes of this  Agreement,  the following terms shall have
the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1:

            "ACTION"  means any  action,  suit,  inquiry,  notice of  violation,
proceeding   (including  any  partial   proceeding  such  as  a  deposition)  or
investigation pending or threatened in writing against or affecting the Company,
any  Subsidiary or any of their  respective  properties  before or by any court,
arbitrator,   governmental  or  administrative   agency,   regulatory  authority
(federal,  state,  county,  local or foreign),  stock market,  stock exchange or
trading facility.

            "AFFILIATE"  means any Person that,  directly or indirectly  through
one or more  intermediaries,  controls or is  controlled  by or is under  common
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144.

            "BUSINESS  DAY" means any day other than  Saturday,  Sunday or other
day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required
by law to remain closed.

            "CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION" shall mean a Certificate of Designation
relating to the Shares to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company  with the
Secretary  of  State  of  the  State  of  Delaware   incorporating  the  rights,
preferences and privileges set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

            "CLOSING"  means the closing of the  purchase and sale of the Shares
and the Warrants pursuant to Article II.

<PAGE>

            "CLOSING DATE" means the Business Day immediately following the date
on which all the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 are satisfied,  or
such other date as the parties may agree.

            "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

            "COMMON  STOCK" means the common  stock of the  Company,  $0.001 par
value per share,  and any securities  into which such common stock may hereafter
be reclassified.

            "COMMON STOCK  EQUIVALENTS"  means any  securities of the Company or
any  Subsidiary  which entitle the holder thereof to acquire Common Stock at any
time, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options,
warrants  or  other   instrument  that  is  at  any  time  convertible  into  or
exchangeable  or  exercisable  for, or otherwise  entitles the holder thereof to
receive,  Common Stock or other  securities  that entitle the holder to receive,
directly or indirectly, Common Stock.

            "COMPANY  COUNSEL" means Mintz,  Levin,  Cohn,  Ferris,  Glovsky and
Popeo, P.C.

            "COMPANY DELIVERABLES" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a).

            "DISCLOSURE  MATERIALS"  means  the SEC  Reports  and the  Company's
Schedules to this Agreement, collectively.

            "EFFECTIVE  DATE"  means  the date that the  Registration  Statement
required by Section 2(a) of the Registration  Rights Agreement is first declared
effective by the Commission.

            "ESCROW AGENT" means the Escrow Agent under the Escrow Agreement.

            "ESCROW AGREEMENT" means the Escrow Agreement,  dated as of the date
of this Agreement,  among the Company, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and the Escrow
Agent, in the form of Exhibit D hereto.

            "EXCHANGE  ACT"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as
amended.

            "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

            "INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  RIGHTS" means the ownership or right to use
patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks,
trade names,  copyrights,  licenses and other similar rights in connection  with
the respective  businesses of the Company and the  Subsidiaries  as described in
the SEC Reports.

            "INVESTMENT  AMOUNT"  means,  with  respect  to each  Investor,  the
Investment Amount indicated on such Investor's signature page to this Agreement.

            "LEAD INVESTOR" means Smithfield Fiduciary LLC.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            "LIEN"  means  any  lien,  charge,   encumbrance,   claim,  security
interest, right of first refusal or other restriction of any kind.

            "LOSSES" means any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims,
contingencies, damages, costs or expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid
in  settlements,  court  costs  and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  costs of
investigation.

            "MATERIAL  ADVERSE EFFECT" means any of (a) an adverse effect on the
legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (b) a material
and adverse effect on the results of operations,  assets, prospects, business or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or (c) an adverse  impairment to the Company's ability to perform fully
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document.

            "PERSON"  means an individual or  corporation,  partnership,  trust,
incorporated or  unincorporated  association,  joint venture,  limited liability
company,  joint stock company,  government (or an agency or subdivision thereof)
or other entity of any kind.

            "PROCEEDING"  means  an  action,   claim,  suit,   investigation  or
proceeding   (including,   without  limitation,   an  investigation  or  partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

            "REGISTRABLE  SECURITIES"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in the
Registration Rights Agreement.

            "REGISTRATION  STATEMENT" means a registration statement meeting the
requirements  set forth in the  Registration  Rights  Agreement and covering the
resale by the Investors of the Underlying Shares and the Warrant Shares.

            "REGISTRATION   RIGHTS  AGREEMENT"  means  the  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated as of the date of this  Agreement,  among the  Company and the
Investors, in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

            "RELATED PERSON" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8.

            "RULE 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission  pursuant to
the  Securities  Act,  as such Rule may be  amended  from  time to time,  or any
similar  rule  or  regulation   hereafter   adopted  by  the  Commission  having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

            "SEC REPORTS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(h).

            "SECURITIES"  means the Shares,  the Underlying Shares, the Warrants
and the Warrant Shares.

            "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


                                       3
<PAGE>

            "SHARES" means the shares of 5% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
issued or  issuable  to the  Investors  pursuant  to this  Agreement  having the
rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

            "STATED  VALUE"  has the  meaning  set forth in the  Certificate  of
Designation.

            "STRATEGIC  TRANSACTION"  means a  transaction  in which the Company
issues  shares of Common  Stock or other  securities  of the Company to a Person
which is, itself or through its Subsidiaries, an operating company in a business
synergistic  with the business of the Company and in which the Company  receives
benefits  in  addition  to the  investment  of funds,  but  shall not  include a
transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose
of raising  capital or to an entity  whose  primary  business  is  investing  in
securities.

            "SUBSIDIARY"  means any  Person in which the  Company,  directly  or
indirectly, owns capital stock or holds an equity or similar interest.

            "TRADING DAY" means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on
a Trading  Market  (other than the OTC  Bulletin  Board),  or (ii) if the Common
Stock is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin  Board),  a
day on which the  Common  Stock is  traded  or  quoted  in the  over-the-counter
market,  as reported by the OTC Bulletin  Board, or (iii) if the Common Stock is
not quoted on a Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the
over-the-counter   market  as  reported  by  the   National   Quotation   Bureau
Incorporated (or any similar  organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices);  provided,  that in the event that the Common Stock is not
listed or quoted as set forth in (i),  (ii) and (iii)  hereof,  then Trading Day
shall mean a Business Day.

            "TRADING MARKET" means whichever of the New York Stock Exchange, the
American Stock Exchange,  the NASDAQ National Market, the NASDAQ SmallCap Market
or OTC Bulletin  Board on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question.

            "TRANSACTION  DOCUMENTS"  means  this  Agreement,  the  Registration
Rights  Agreement,  the Certificate of Designation,  the Warrants,  the Transfer
Agent  Instructions,  the Escrow Agreement and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

            "TRANSFER AGENT" means American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, or
any other transfer agent selected by the Company.

            "TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS"  means the Irrevocable  Transfer Agent
Instructions, in the form of Exhibit E, executed by the Company and delivered to
and acknowledged in writing by the Transfer Agent.

            "UNDERLYING  SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock  issuable upon
conversion of the Shares.


                                       4
<PAGE>

            "WARRANTS"  means the Common Stock purchase  warrants in the form of
Exhibit C hereto issued or issuable to the Investors at the Closing.

            "WARRANT  SHARES"  means the shares of Common  Stock  issuable  upon
exercise of the Warrants.

                                  ARTICLE II.
                                PURCHASE AND SALE

      2.1  Closing.  Subject  to the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth in this
Agreement, at the Closing the Company shall issue and sell to each Investor, and
each Investor shall, severally and not jointly,  purchase from the Company, such
number of Shares and a Warrant to purchase such number of Warrant  Shares,  each
as  indicated  below such  Investor's  signature on the  signature  page to this
Agreement.  The Closing  shall take place on the Closing  Date at the offices of
Bryan Cave LLP, 1290 Avenue of the  Americas,  New York,  New York 10104,  or at
such other location as the parties may agree.

      2.2 Closing Deliveries.  (a) At the Closing,  the Company shall deliver or
cause to be delivered to each Investor the following (collectively, the "COMPANY
DELIVERABLES"):

                  (i) this Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

                  (ii) one or more  stock  certificates,  free and  clear of all
restrictive  and other legends  (except as expressly  provided in Section 4.1(b)
hereof),  evidencing  the  number  of Shares  indicated  below  such  Investor's
signature on the  signature  page to this  Agreement,  registered in the name of
such Investor;

                  (iii) a  Warrant,  registered  in the  name of such  Investor,
pursuant  to which such  Investor  shall have the right to acquire the number of
Warrant  Shares  equal to 50% of the  number  of  Underlying  Shares as would be
issuable  upon a conversion  in full of the Shares  issuable to such Investor in
accordance  with  Section  2.2(a)(ii)  without  regard  to  any  limitations  on
conversion of the Shares,  as indicated below such  Investor's  signature on the
signature page to this Agreement;

                  (iv) a copy of the executed,  filed and effective  Certificate
of Designation,  accompanied by a certificate  evidencing the acceptance thereof
by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware;

                  (v) the  legal  opinion  of  Company  Counsel,  in the form of
Exhibit F hereto, addressed to the Investors;

                  (vi) the Registration  Rights Agreement,  duly executed by the
Company;

                  (vii) the  Escrow  Agreement,  duly  executed  by all  parties
thereto; and


                                       5
<PAGE>

                  (viii) the Transfer Agent  Instructions,  duly executed by the
Company and acknowledged by the Transfer Agent.

            (b) At the  Closing,  each  Investor  shall  deliver  or cause to be
delivered the following:

                  (i) to the Company, this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement, each duly executed by such Investor; and

                  (ii)  to the  Escrow  Agent  in  accordance  with  the  Escrow
Agreement,  such Investor's  Investment  Amount, in United States dollars and in
immediately  available  funds,  by wire  transfer  to an account  designated  in
writing by the Escrow Agent for such purpose.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      3.1  Representations  and  Warranties of the Company.  The Company  hereby
makes the following representations and warranties to each Investor as follows:

            (a) Subsidiaries. The Company has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries
other than those  listed in Schedule  3.1(a).  Except as  disclosed  in Schedule
3.1(a),  the Company owns,  directly or indirectly,  all of the capital stock or
comparable  equity  interests of each  Subsidiary  free and clear of any and all
Liens, and all the issued and outstanding  shares of capital stock or comparable
equity  interests  of each  Subsidiary  are  validly  issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights.

            (b) Organization and Qualification.  The Company and each Subsidiary
are entities duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good standing  under the
laws of the  jurisdiction of their respective  organization,  with the requisite
power and authority to own and use its  respective  properties and assets and to
carry on its respective  businesses as currently conducted.  Neither the Company
nor any  Subsidiary is in violation of any of the  provisions of its  respective
certificate  or articles of  incorporation,  bylaws or other  organizational  or
charter documents.  The Company and each Subsidiary is duly qualified to conduct
business  and is in good  standing as a foreign  corporation  or other entity in
each  jurisdiction  in which the nature of the  business  conducted  or property
owned by it makes such qualification  necessary,  except where the failure to be
so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not, individually or
in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

            (c)  Authorization;  Enforcement.  The  Company  has  the  requisite
corporate  power and authority to enter into and to consummate the  transactions
contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations hereunder and thereunder.  The execution and delivery of each of the
Transaction  Documents  by  the  Company  and  the  consummation  by it  of  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby and thereby have been duly  authorized by all
necessary  action on the part of the Company and no further consent or action is
required  by the  Company,  its  Board  of  Directors  or  stockholders  .  Each
Transaction Document has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by
the Company  and,  when  delivered in  accordance  with the terms  hereof,  will


                                       6
<PAGE>

constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company  enforceable  against
the Company in accordance with its terms,  except as such  enforceability may be
limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,   moratorium,
liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting  generally the enforcement
of, creditors'  rights and remedies or by other equitable  principles of general
application.

            (d) No Conflicts.  The  execution,  delivery and  performance of the
Transaction  Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions  contemplated  hereby and thereby do not and will not (i)  conflict
with or violate any provision of the Company's or any  Subsidiary's  certificate
or  articles  of  incorporation,  bylaws  or  other  organizational  or  charter
documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others
any rights of termination,  amendment,  acceleration  or  cancellation  (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,  credit facility, debt
or other  instrument  (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary  debt or otherwise) or
other  understanding  to which the  Company or any  Subsidiary  is a party or by
which  any  property  or  asset of the  Company  or any  Subsidiary  is bound or
affected,  or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule,  regulation,  order,
judgment,  injunction,  decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the
Company  or a  Subsidiary  is bound or  affected;  except in the case of each of
clauses (ii) and (iii),  such as could not,  individually  or in the  aggregate,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

            (e) Filings,  Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to
obtain any consent,  waiver,  authorization  or order of, give any notice to, or
make any filing or registration  with, any court or other federal,  state, local
or  other  governmental  authority  or  other  Person  in  connection  with  the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents,
other  than (i) the  filing  with  the  Commission  of one or more  Registration
Statements  in  accordance  with the  requirements  of the  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  (ii) filings  under state  securities  laws in  accordance  with the
requirements of the Registration  Rights Agreement,  which will be made prior to
the  Effectiveness  Date (as such term is  defined  in the  Registration  Rights
Agreement),  (iii) the filings required in accordance with Section 4.7, (iv) the
filing of a Form D with the  Commission,  (v) the filing of the  Certificate  of
Designation  with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (vi) those
that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement.

            (f)  Issuance  of the  Securities.  The  Securities  have  been duly
authorized  and,  when issued and paid for in  accordance  with the  Transaction
Documents,  will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,  free
and clear of all Liens and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar  rights
of stockholders. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock
the maximum number of Underlying Shares and Warrants Shares issuable pursuant to
the Shares and the Warrants, as applicable.

            (g) Capitalization. The number of shares and type of all authorized,
issued and  outstanding  capital stock of the Company,  and all shares of Common


                                       7
<PAGE>

Stock  reserved for issuance  under the Company's  various  option and incentive
plans, is set forth in Schedule 3.1(g).  All outstanding shares of capital stock
are duly authorized,  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and have been
issued in compliance with all applicable  securities  laws. No securities of the
Company are  entitled to  preemptive  or similar  rights,  and no Person has any
right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar
right  to  participate  in the  transactions  contemplated  by  the  Transaction
Documents.  Except as a result of the  purchase and sale of the  Securities  and
except  as  disclosed  in  Schedule  3.1(g)  or the SEC  Reports,  there  are no
outstanding  options,   warrants,   scrip  rights  to  subscribe  to,  calls  or
commitments of any character  whatsoever  relating to, or securities,  rights or
obligations  convertible  into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or giving any
Person any right to subscribe  for or acquire,  any shares of Common  Stock,  or
contracts,  commitments,  understandings or arrangements by which the Company or
any  Subsidiary  is or may  become  bound to issue  additional  shares of Common
Stock, or securities or rights  convertible or exchangeable or exercisable  into
shares  of  Common  Stock.  There  are  no  anti-dilution  or  price  adjustment
provisions  contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement
providing  rights to security  holders) and the issue and sale of the Securities
will not, immediately or with the passage of time, obligate the Company to issue
shares  of  Common  Stock or other  securities  to any  Person  (other  than the
Investors)  and will not  result in a right of any holder of  securities  of the
Company to adjust the exercise,  conversion,  exchange or reset price under such
securities. To the knowledge of the Company, except as specifically disclosed in
Schedule  3.1(g),  no Person or group of related Persons  beneficially  owns (as
determined  pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange  Act), or has the right to
acquire, by agreement with or by obligation binding upon the Company, beneficial
ownership of in excess of 5% of the outstanding Common Stock,  ignoring for such
purposes  any  limitation  on the  number of shares of Common  Stock that may be
owned at any single time.

            (h) SEC  Reports;  Financial  Statements.  The Company has filed all
reports  required  to be filed by the  Company  under  the  Exchange  Act  since
November 13, 2003 (the foregoing materials being collectively referred to herein
as the `SEC  REPORTS').  The Company has filed all SEC Reports on a timely basis
or has timely  filed a valid  extension of such time of filing and has filed any
such SEC Reports  prior to the  expiration  of any such  extension.  As of their
respective  dates,  the SEC Reports  complied in all material  respects with the
requirements  of the  Securities  Act and the  Exchange  Act and the  rules  and
regulations  of the  Commission  promulgated  thereunder,  and  none  of the SEC
Reports,  when  filed,  contained  any untrue  statement  of a material  fact or
omitted to state a material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary in
order to make the statements  therein,  in the light of the circumstances  under
which they were made, not  misleading.  The financial  statements of the Company
included in the SEC Reports were prepared in  accordance  with GAAP applied on a
consistent  basis  during  the  periods  involved,  except  as may be  otherwise
specified in such financial  statements or the notes thereto, and fairly present
in all  material  respects  the  financial  position  of  the  Company  and  its
consolidated  Subsidiaries  as of and for the dates  thereof  and the results of
operations  and cash flows for the periods then ended,  subject,  in the case of
unaudited  statements,  to normal,  year-end  audit  adjustments.  All  material
agreements  to which the  Company or any  Subsidiary  is a party or to which the
property or assets of the Company or any  Subsidiary are subject are included as
part of or specifically identified in the SEC Reports.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            (i) Press Releases.  The press releases  disseminated by the Company
since November 13, 2003 taken as a whole do not contain any untrue  statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material  fact required to be stated  therein
or  necessary  in order  to make the  statements  therein,  in the  light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

            (j) Material Changes.  Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(j) and as
disclosed in the SEC  Reports,  since the date of the latest  audited  financial
statements  included  within  the SEC  Reports,  (i)  there  has been no  event,
occurrence or development  that has had or that could  reasonably be expected to
result in a Material  Adverse  Effect,  (ii) the  Company has not  incurred  any
liabilities  (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses  incurred  in the  ordinary  course of  business  consistent  with past
practice and (B)  liabilities  not  required to be  reflected  in the  Company's
financial  statements  pursuant to GAAP or required to be  disclosed  in filings
made with the  Commission,  (iii) the  Company  has not  altered  its  method of
accounting or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its  stockholders
or purchased,  redeemed or made any  agreements to purchase or redeem any shares
of its  capital  stock,  other than  dividends  paid in the  ordinary  course on
outstanding series of the Company's preferred stock, and (v) the Company has not
issued any equity  securities  to any  officer,  director or  Affiliate,  except
pursuant  to existing  Company  stock  option  plans or  executive  compensation
arrangements.  The  Company  does not have  pending  before the  Commission  any
request for confidential treatment of information.

            (k)  Litigation.  There is no Action that (i)  adversely  affects or
challenges the legality,  validity or  enforceability  of any of the Transaction
Documents  or the  Securities  or (ii)  except as set forth in the SEC  Reports,
could, if there were an unfavorable decision,  individually or in the aggregate,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
set forth in the SEC Reports,  neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary,  nor any
presently serving director or officer thereof,  is or has been during the period
from  January  1, 1999  through  the  Closing  Date the  subject  of any  Action
involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities
laws or a claim of  breach of  fiduciary  duty.  There has not been,  and to the
knowledge  of  the  Company,   there  is  not  pending  or   contemplated,   any
investigation  by the Commission  involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order
or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration  statement filed
by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

            (l) Labor  Relations.  No material  labor dispute  exists or, to the
knowledge of the Company,  is imminent  with respect to any of the  employees of
the Company.

            (m)  Compliance.  Neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  (i) is in
default  under or in violation  of (and no event has occurred  that has not been
waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both,  would result in a default by
the Company or any  Subsidiary  under),  nor has the  Company or any  Subsidiary
received  notice  of a  claim  that  it is in  default  under  or  that it is in
violation of, any indenture,  loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or


                                       9
<PAGE>

instrument  to which it is a party  or by which it or any of its  properties  is
bound  (whether or not such default or violation  has been  waived),  (ii) is in
violation of any order of any court,  arbitrator or governmental  body, or (iii)
is or  has  been  in  violation  of  any  statute,  rule  or  regulation  of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state
and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection,  occupational health
and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters,  except
in each case as could not, individually or in the aggregate,  have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is in compliance
with the applicable  requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder,  except where such noncompliance could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

            (n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all
certificates,  authorizations  and permits  issued by the  appropriate  federal,
state,  local or foreign  regulatory  authorities  necessary  to  conduct  their
respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,  except where the failure
to possess such permits would not,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material  Adverse Effect,  and neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary  has received any notice of  proceedings  relating to
the revocation or modification of any such permits.

            (o) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not own any
real property.  The Company and the Subsidiaries  have good and marketable title
in all  personal  property  owned by them that is material  to their  respective
businesses, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens described
in the SEC  Reports  and  Liens as do not  materially  affect  the value of such
property and do not  materially  interfere  with the use made and proposed to be
made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries. Any real property and
facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them
under  valid,  subsisting  and  enforceable  leases of which the Company and the
Subsidiaries  are in  compliance,  except as could not,  individually  or in the
aggregate,  have or  reasonably  be  expected  to result in a  Material  Adverse
Effect.

            (p) Patents and Trademarks.  The Company and the Subsidiaries  have,
or have rights to use, all  Intellectual  Property  Rights that are necessary or
material for use in connection with their respective  businesses as described in
the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could,  individually  or in the
aggregate,  have or  reasonably  be  expected  to result in a  Material  Adverse
Effect.  Neither the Company nor any  Subsidiary  has received a written  notice
that the  Intellectual  Property  Rights used by the  Company or any  Subsidiary
violates or infringes upon the rights of any Person.  Except as set forth in the
SEC  Reports,  to the  knowledge,  after due inquiry,  of the Company,  all such
Intellectual   Property   Rights  are  enforceable  and  there  is  no  existing
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual  Property Rights.

            (q)  Insurance.  The  Company  and the  Subsidiaries  are insured by
insurers of recognized  financial  responsibility  against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the  businesses in which the
Company and the Subsidiaries  are engaged.  The Company has no reason to believe
that it or its  Subsidiaries  will not be able to renew its respective  existing
insurance  coverage  as and when such  coverage  expires  or to  obtain  similar


                                       10
<PAGE>

coverage  from  similar  insurers as may be  necessary  to continue its business
without a significant increase in cost.

            (r) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees.  Except as set forth
in the SEC Reports or Schedule 3.1(r),  none of the officers or directors of the
Company and, to the knowledge,  after due inquiry,  of the Company,  none of the
employees  of the  Company  is  presently  a party to any  transaction  with the
Company or any  Subsidiary  (other than for services as employees,  officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
the  furnishing  of services to or by,  providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from,  or  otherwise  requiring  payments to or from any officer,
director  or such  employee  or, to the  knowledge,  after due  inquiry,  of the
Company, any entity in which any officer,  director,  or any such employee has a
substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

            (s) Internal Accounting  Controls.  The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain  a  system  of  internal  accounting  controls  sufficient  to  provide
reasonable  assurance  that (i)  transactions  are executed in  accordance  with
management's general or specific authorizations,  (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with
generally accepted accounting  principles and to maintain asset  accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general
or specific  authorization,  and (iv) the recorded  accountability for assets is
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action
is taken with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure
controls  and  procedures  (as defined in Rules  13a-15e  and 15d-15e  under the
Exchange  Act)  for the  Company  and  designed  such  disclosure  controls  and
procedures  to  ensure  that  material  information  relating  to  the  Company,
including its Subsidiaries,  is made known to the certifying  officers by others
within those entities.

            (t) Solvency.  Based on the financial condition of the Company as of
the Closing Date (and assuming that the Closing  shall have  occurred),  (i) the
Company's  fair  saleable  value of its assets  exceeds  the amount that will be
required to be paid on or in respect of the Company's  existing  debts and other
liabilities  (including known contingent  liabilities) as they mature;  (ii) the
Company's  assets do not constitute  unreasonably  small capital to carry on its
business  for the  current  fiscal year as now  conducted  and as proposed to be
conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
requirements  of the business  conducted by the Company,  and projected  capital
requirements and capital  availability  thereof; and (iii) the current cash flow
of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to
liquidate all of its assets,  after taking into account all anticipated  uses of
the cash,  would be  sufficient  to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt
when such amounts are required to be paid.  The Company does not intend to incur
debts  beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature  (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).

            (u)  Certain  Fees.  Except as  described  in  Schedule  3.1(u),  no
brokerage or finder's fees or commissions  are or will be payable by the Company
to any  broker,  financial  advisor  or  consultant,  finder,  placement  agent,
investment  banker,  bank or  other  Person  with  respect  to the  transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement.  The Investors  shall have no obligation  with


                                       11
<PAGE>

respect to any fees or with  respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other
Persons  for  fees of a type  contemplated  in this  Section  that may be due in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

            (v)  Certain  Registration  Matters.  Assuming  the  accuracy of the
Investors'  representations and warranties set forth in Section  3.2(b)-(e),  no
registration  under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the
Securities  by the Company to the  Investors  under the  Transaction  Documents.
Neither the Company nor any Person  acting on the  Company's  behalf has sold or
offered to sell or  solicited  any offer to buy the  Securities  by means of any
form of general solicitation or advertising.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Affiliates  nor any Person  acting on the  Company's  behalf  has,  directly  or
indirectly,  at any time within the past six  months,  made any offer or sale of
any  security  or   solicitation   of  any  offer  to  buy  any  security  under
circumstances  that would (i) eliminate the  availability  of the exemption from
registration  under Regulation D under the Securities Act in connection with the
offer  and sale of the  Securities  as  contemplated  hereby  or (ii)  cause the
offering  of  the  Securities  pursuant  to  the  Transaction  Documents  to  be
integrated  with prior  offerings by the Company for purposes of any  applicable
law,  regulation  or  stockholder   approval  provisions,   including,   without
limitation,  under the rules and regulations of any Trading  Market,  that could
cause this  transaction  to require the approval of the Company's  stockholders.
Except as described in Schedule 3.1(v), the Company has not granted or agreed to
grant to any Person any rights (including  "piggy-back"  registration rights) to
have any securities of the Company  registered  with the Commission or any other
governmental authority that have not been satisfied.

            (w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. Except as specified in the
SEC Reports,  the Company has not received notice from any Trading Market to the
effect that the  Company is not in  compliance  with the listing or  maintenance
requirements  thereof. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will
not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with the listing and
maintenance  requirements  for  continued  listing  of the  Common  Stock on the
Trading  Market.  The issuance and sale of the Securities  under the Transaction
Documents does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on
which the Common Stock is currently listed or quoted.

            (x) Investment Company.  The Company is not, is not an Affiliate of,
and immediately upon the Closing will not become, an "investment company" within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

            (y) Application of Takeover  Protections.  The Company has taken all
necessary  action,  if any, in order to render  inapplicable  any control  share
acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under
a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation  (or similar charter  documents) or the laws of its
state of incorporation  that is or could become applicable to the Investors as a
result  of the  Investors  and  the  Company  fulfilling  their  obligations  or
exercising  their rights under the  Transaction  Documents,  including,  without
limitation,  the  Company's  issuance  of  the  Securities  and  the  Investors'
ownership of the Securities.


                                       12
<PAGE>

            (z)  No  Additional  Agreements.  The  Company  does  not  have  any
agreement or  understanding  with any Investor with respect to the  transactions
contemplated  by the  Transaction  Documents  other  than  as  specified  in the
Transaction Documents.

            (aa) Disclosure.  Except as described in Schedule 3.1(aa) or as will
be  disclosed  in the 8-K Filing (as such term is defined  herein),  the Company
confirms that neither it nor any Person acting on its behalf has provided any of
the Investors or their agents or counsel with any  information  that the Company
believes constitutes material,  non-public information.  The Company understands
and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing  representations  and
covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure
provided  to  the  Investors  regarding  the  Company,   its  business  and  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby,  furnished  by or on behalf  of the  Company
(including  the  Company's  representations  and  warranties  set  forth in this
Agreement)  are true and correct and do not  contain any untrue  statement  of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact  necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

            (bb) Acknowledgment Regarding Investors' Purchase of Securities. The
Company  acknowledges  and agrees that each of the Investors is acting solely in
the  capacity  of an arm's  length  purchaser  with  respect to the  Transaction
Documents  and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby and thereby.  The Company
further  acknowledges  that no  Investor  is acting as a  financial  advisor  or
fiduciary of the Company or any other Investor (or in any similar capacity) with
respect to the Transaction  Documents and the transactions  contemplated  hereby
and thereby  and any advice  given by any  Investor  or any of their  respective
representatives  or agents in connection with the Transaction  Documents and the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  thereby  is merely  incidental  to such
Investor's  purchase of the Securities.  The Company further  represents to each
Investor that the Company's decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has
been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by the Company and its representatives.

            (cc) Form SB-2. In accordance with  Commission's  rules, the Company
is  eligible  to  utilize  Form SB-2 for the  registration  of the resale of its
securities.

      3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each Investor hereby,
for itself and for no other Investor,  represents and warrants to the Company as
follows:

            (a) Organization;  Authority;  Residency. Such Investor is an entity
duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of the
jurisdiction  of its  organization  with the requisite  corporate or partnership
power  and  authority  to  enter  into  and  to  consummate   the   transactions
contemplated by the applicable  Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out
its obligations  hereunder and thereunder.  The purchase by such Investor of the
Shares and the Warrants  hereunder  has been duly  authorized  by all  necessary
action on the part of such Investor. Each of this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement has been duly executed by such Investor,  and when delivered by


                                       13
<PAGE>

such Investor in accordance  with terms hereof,  will  constitute  the valid and
legally  binding  obligation  of  such  Investor,   enforceable  against  it  in
accordance  with its  terms,  except as such  enforceability  may be  limited by
applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium, liquidation or
similar laws relating to, or affecting  generally the enforcement of, creditors'
rights and remedies or by other  equitable  principles  of general  application.
Such Investor  represents  that, to the extent that he or she is an  individual,
that he or she is a resident of the state set forth  opposite his or her name on
its  signature  page  to  this  Agreement,  and,  to the  extent  that  it is an
organizational  entity,  it has been  organized  under  the laws of the state or
country set forth opposite its name on its signature page to this Agreement.

            (b) Investment Intent.  Such Investor is acquiring the Securities as
principal for its own account for  investment  purposes only and not with a view
to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof, without
prejudice,  however,  to such Investor's right at all times to sell or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of such  Securities  in  compliance  with  applicable
federal and state  securities laws.  Nothing  contained herein shall be deemed a
representation  or warranty  by such  Investor  to hold the  Securities  for any
period of time.  Such  Investor is  acquiring  the  Securities  hereunder in the
ordinary  course of its  business.  Such Investor does not have any agreement or
understanding,  directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the
Securities.

            (c) Investor  Status.  Such Investor is an "accredited  investor" as
defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities  Act,  knowledgeable,  sophisticated
and experienced in making,  and is qualified to make,  decisions with respect to
an investment  decision  like that  involved in the purchase of the  Securities.
Such Investor  recognizes  that an investment in the Securities  involves a high
degree of risk, including a risk of total loss of such investment. Such Investor
understands,  acknowledges and agrees that it must bear the economic risk of its
investment in the Securities for an indefinite  period of time. Such Investor is
not a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.

            (d)  General  Solicitation.  Such  Investor  is not  purchasing  the
Securities  as  a  result  of  any  advertisement,   article,  notice  or  other
communication  regarding the Securities published in any newspaper,  magazine or
similar media or broadcast over  television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

            (e) Access to Information.  Such Investor  acknowledges  that it has
reviewed the Disclosure Materials (including the information set forth under the
caption  entitled  "Risk Factors"  contained in the Company's  Current Report on
Form 8-K/A filed on January 26, 2004) and has been afforded (i) the  opportunity
to ask such  questions  as it has deemed  necessary  of, and to receive  answers
from,  representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the  Securities;
(ii) access to  information  about the Company  and the  Subsidiaries  and their
respective financial  condition,  results of operations,  business,  properties,
management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and
(iii) the opportunity to obtain such information  that the Company  possesses or
can acquire without  unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an
informed  investment  decision  with  respect to the  investment.  Neither  such
inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of such Investor


                                       14
<PAGE>

or its representatives or counsel shall modify,  amend or affect such Investor's
right  to  rely  on the  truth,  accuracy  and  completeness  of the  Disclosure
Materials  and the Company's  representations  and  warranties  contained in the
Transaction Documents.

            (f) Independent Investment Decision. Such Investor has independently
evaluated  the merits of its  decision to purchase  Securities  pursuant to this
Agreement,  and such  Investor  confirms that it has not relied on the advice of
any other Investor's  business and/or legal counsel in making such decision.  If
such  Investor is other than the Lead  Investor,  such Investor  represents  and
warrants  that Bryan Cave LLP has not acted as its legal  counsel in  connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The  Company  acknowledges  and agrees  that no  Investor  has made or makes any
representations  or  warranties  with respect to the  transactions  contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

      4.1  Restrictions  on Transfer.  (a) Securities may only be disposed of in
compliance  with state and  federal  securities  laws.  In  connection  with any
transfer of the  Securities  other than  pursuant to an  effective  registration
statement,  to the Company, to an Affiliate of an Investor or in connection with
a pledge as  contemplated  in  Section  4.1(b),  the  Company  may  require  the
transferor  thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel  selected by
the  transferor,  the form and  substance of which  opinion  shall be reasonably
satisfactory  to the Company,  to the effect that such transfer does not require
registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.

            (b)   Certificates   evidencing  the  Securities  will  contain  the
following legend, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c):

            [NEITHER  THESE   SECURITIES   NOR  THE  SECURITIES   ISSUABLE  UPON
            EXERCISE/CONVERSION OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED] [THESE
            SECURITIES  HAVE  NOT  BEEN  REGISTERED]  WITH  THE  SECURITIES  AND
            EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR THE  SECURITIES  COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN
            RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION  FROM  REGISTRATION  UNDER THE SECURITIES
            ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES  ACT"),  AND,  ACCORDINGLY,
            MAY  NOT  BE  OFFERED  OR  SOLD  EXCEPT  PURSUANT  TO  AN  EFFECTIVE
            REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
            AVAILABLE  EXEMPTION  FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION  NOT SUBJECT TO, THE
            REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE  SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
            WITH  APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS  AS  EVIDENCED  BY A LEGAL
            OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE  TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT,  THE SUBSTANCE
            OF  WHICH   SHALL  BE   REASONABLY   ACCEPTABLE   TO  THE   COMPANY.
            NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING,  [THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES
            ISSUABLE  UPON   EXERCISE/CONVERSION  OF  THESE  SECURITIES]  [THESE
            SECURITIES]  MAY BE PLEDGED IN  CONNECTION  WITH A BONA FIDE  MARGIN
            AGREEMENT OR ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING  ARRANGEMENT SECURED
            BY SUCH SECURITIES.


                                       15
<PAGE>

            The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that an Investor may from time
to  time  pledge,  and/or  grant  a  security  interest  in  some  or all of the
Securities  pursuant to a bona fide margin  agreement in connection  with a bona
fide margin agreement or account or other loan or financing  arrangement and, if
required under the terms of such agreement or account, loan or arrangement, such
Investor may transfer  pledged or secured  Securities to the pledgees or secured
parties.  Such a pledge or transfer  would not be subject to approval or consent
of the Company and no legal  opinion of legal  counsel to the  pledgee,  secured
party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the pledge, but such legal
opinion may be required  in  connection  with a  subsequent  transfer  following
default by the Investor transferee of the pledge. No notice shall be required of
such pledge. At the appropriate Investor's expense, the Company will execute and
deliver  such  reasonable  documentation  as  a  pledgee  or  secured  party  of
Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the
Securities  including  the  preparation  and filing of any  required  prospectus
supplement  under  Rule  424(b)(3)  of the  Securities  Act or other  applicable
provision  of the  Securities  Act to  appropriately  amend the list of  Selling
Stockholders thereunder.

            (c)  Certificates  evidencing  Underlying  Shares and Warrant Shares
shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b)):
(i) if a Conversion  Notice under the  Certificate  of  Designation  or Exercise
Notice under the Warrant (as the case may be) is delivered  while a Registration
Statement is effective and the  converting or  exercising  holder  undertakes to
sell the Underlying  Shares  issuable in respect of such  conversion or exercise
pursuant  to the  prospectus  forming  a part  of  the  applicable  Registration
Statement,  or (ii)  following  a sale of such  Shares  pursuant to Rule 144, or
(iii) while such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(k), or (iv) if such
legend is not required  under  applicable  requirements  of the  Securities  Act
(including judicial  interpretations  and pronouncements  issued by the Staff of
the Commission). During such time as a Registration Statement is effective as to
the Underlying Shares or such other time as restrictive legends are not required
to be placed on certificates  representing  Underlying Shares or Warrant Shares,
the Company will, no later than three Trading Days  following the delivery by an
Investor to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing such
Underlying Shares or Warrant Shares that contain a restrictive  legend,  deliver
or  cause  to be  delivered  to such  Investor  certificates  representing  such
Underlying  Shares and  Warrant  Shares that are free from all  restrictive  and
other legends, provided that the Staff of the Commission does not publicly state
removing the restrictive legend under such circumstances is against the law. The
Company may not make any  notation on its  records or give  instructions  to any
transfer  agent of the Company  that  enlarge the  restrictions  on transfer set
forth in this Section. For so long as any Investor owns Securities,  the Company
will not effect or  publicly  announce  its  intention  to effect any  exchange,
recapitalization  or other  transaction  that  effectively  requires  or rewards
physical delivery of certificates evidencing the Common Stock.


                                       16
<PAGE>

      4.2 Furnishing of Information. As long as any Investor owns the Securities
that are not  eligible  for  resale  under  Rule  144(k)  promulgated  under the
Securities  Act, the Company  covenants to timely file (or obtain  extensions in
respect  thereof  and file  within the  applicable  grace  period)  all  reports
required  to be filed by the  Company  after  the date  hereof  pursuant  to the
Exchange Act. As long as any Investor owns  Securities that are not eligible for
resale under Rule 144(k) promulgated under the Securities Act, if the Company is
not required to file reports  pursuant to the Exchange  Act, it will prepare and
furnish to the  Investors and make  publicly  available in accordance  with Rule
144(c) such  information  as is required  for the  Investors  to sell the Shares
under Rule 144.  The Company  further  covenants  that it will take such further
action as any holder of Securities  may  reasonably  request,  all to the extent
required  from time to time to enable such  Person to sell such  Shares  without
registration  under the  Securities  Act within the limitation of the exemptions
provided by Rule 144.

      4.3 Integration.  The Company shall not, and shall use its best efforts to
ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall,  sell,  offer for sale or solicit
offers to buy or  otherwise  negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale
of the  Securities  in a manner that would  require the  registration  under the
Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors,  or that would be
integrated  with the offer or sale of the  Securities  for purposes of the rules
and  regulations  of any  Trading  Market such that  approval  of the  Company's
stockholders  could be  required to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated
hereby.

      4.4  Subsequent  Registrations.  Other than  pursuant to the  Registration
Statement,   prior  to  the  Effective  Date,  the  Company  may  not  file  any
registration statement (other than on Form S-8) with the Commission with respect
to any securities of the Company.

      4.5  Reservation of Securities.  The Company shall maintain a reserve from
its duly  authorized  shares  of  Common  Stock  for  issuance  pursuant  to the
Transaction  Documents  in  such  amount  as  may be  required  to  fulfill  its
obligations in full under the  Transaction  Documents.  In the event that at any
time the then authorized shares of Common Stock are insufficient for the Company
to satisfy its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents,  the Company
shall  promptly  take such  actions as may be required to increase the number of
authorized shares.

      4.6 Lockup;  Subsequent Placements and Certain Securities  Offerings.  (a)
Subject to Section 4.6(d),  except for the Securities  issued or issuable to the
Investors  pursuant to the Transaction  Documents,  the Company shall not offer,
issue,  sell, or enter into  agreements to offer,  issue or sell,  any shares of
Common Stock or any Common Stock  Equivalents  until the 180th day following the
Closing;  plus one  additional  Trading Day for each Trading Day  following  the
earlier to occur of the Effective Date and the Effectiveness Date (as defined in
the  Registration  Rights  Agreement)  during  which  either (i) a  Registration
Statement is not effective or (ii) the prospectus  forming a portion of any such
Registration  Statement  is not  available  for the  resale  of all  Registrable
Securities required to be covered thereby.


                                       17
<PAGE>

            (b) Prior to the Closing,  the Company shall cause its directors and
executive  officers and any holder of 5% or more of its capital  stock who is an
Affiliate of a director or officer to not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge,
enter  into any short  sales (as  defined  in Rule  3b-3  promulgated  under the
Exchange Act) or hedging  transactions of any nature,  or otherwise  dispose of,
directly  or  indirectly,  any  shares  of  Common  Stock  or any  Common  Stock
Equivalents,  until after the 180th Trading Day following the Closing;  provided
that the 180-day period specified in the immediately preceding sentence shall be
extended by one Trading Day for each Trading Day  following the earlier to occur
of the  Effective  Date and the  Effectiveness  Date during  which  either (i) a
Registration Statement is not effective or (ii) the prospectus forming a portion
of any such  Registration  Statement  is not  available  for the  resale  of all
Registrable Securities required to be covered thereby. The Company shall provide
Investors with copies of the agreements  evidencing the lockup  required by this
Section in form reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Investor.

            (c) Subject to Section 4.6(d),  in the event the Company at any time
prior to the one year  anniversary of the Closing Date,  directly or indirectly,
offers,  sells,  grants any option to  purchase,  or  otherwise  disposes of (or
announces any offer,  sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition
of) any of Common Stock or Common Stock  Equivalents or any of its Subsidiaries'
equity or Common Stock  Equivalents  (such offer,  sale,  grant,  disposition or
announcement being referred to as a "SUBSEQUENT  PLACEMENT"),  the Company shall
deliver  to each  Investor  a written  notice  (each,  a  "SUBSEQUENT  PLACEMENT
NOTICE") of its intention to effect such Subsequent  Placement,  which specifies
in reasonable detail all of the material terms of such Subsequent Placement, the
aggregate amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder,  the names of the
investors  (including the investment manager of such investors,  if any) and the
investment  bankers  with whom  such  Subsequent  Placement  is  proposed  to be
effected, and attached to which shall be a term sheet or similar document.  Each
Investor  shall have until 5:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on the fifth  Trading
Day after its respective  receipt of the Subsequent  Placement  Notice to notify
Company  of  its  intention  to  provide,  subject  to  completion  of  mutually
acceptable  documentation,  its pro rata portion of 50% of such financing on the
same terms as set forth in the Subsequent  Placement  Notice.  In the event that
the Investors do not timely elect to provide financing subject to the Subsequent
Placement  Notice and the Company shall not have  consummated the portion of the
Subsequent Placement for which such elections shall not have been so made on the
terms and to the Persons specified in the Subsequent  Placement Notice within 30
days following the expiration of the time to so elect, the Company shall provide
each Investor with a second  Subsequent  Placement Notice and each Investor will
again have the right of  participation  set forth in this Section.  The one year
period  specified in this sentence shall be extended by one Trading Day for each
Trading  Day  following  the  earlier  to  occur of the  Effective  Date and the
Effectiveness  Date during  which  either (i) a  Registration  Statement  is not
effective  or (ii) the  prospectus  forming a portion  of any such  Registration
Statement is not available for the resale of all Registrable Securities required
to be covered thereby.

            (d) The Company's obligations under Section 4.6(a) and (c) shall not
apply to any grant or issuance by the Company of any of the  following:  (i) the
issuance of  securities  upon the exercise or  conversion of any Common Stock or
Common  Stock  Equivalents  issued by the Company  prior to the date hereof (but


                                       18
<PAGE>

will apply to any amendments,  modifications and reissuances thereof),  (ii) the
grant of options,  warrants or other  Common  Stock  Equivalents  under any duly
authorized  Company stock option,  restricted  stock plan or stock purchase plan
whether now existing or hereafter  approved by the Company and its  stockholders
in the future (but not as to any amendments or other modifications to the number
of Common  Stock  issuable  thereunder,  the terms  set  forth  therein,  or the
exercise price set forth therein,  unless such amendments or other modifications
are approved by the Company's  stockholders) and the issuance of Common Stock in
respect  thereof,  or (iii)  securities  granted or issued in connection  with a
Strategic  Transaction or as the purchase  price for the  acquisition of a third
party  company  or all or a  portion  of the  assets of a third  party  company.
Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained in Section 4.6(a),  nothing
shall  prohibit the Company from  offering,  selling or issuing any Common Stock
(i) in connection with a firm commitment  underwritten public offering of Common
Stock  resulting  in net  proceeds to the  Company of not less than  $15,000,000
(which  shall not  include  equity  lines of credit  or  takedowns  off of shelf
registration  statements  or  similar  transactions);  (ii) in  connection  with
equipment  leases or the purchase of  equipment  in the  ordinary  course of its
business, provided such leases or equipment purchases are otherwise on customary
terms;  or (iii) issued to the Company's  primary lender in connection  with the
Company's  credit  relationship  therewith  or  any  renewal,   modification  or
refinancing thereof;  provided, that such transaction is not primarily an equity
capital raising transaction.

      4.7 Securities  Laws  Disclosure;  Publicity.  By 9:00 a.m. (New York City
time) within two Trading Days following the date that this Agreement is executed
by the parties, the Company will issue a press release and file a Current Report
on Form 8-K to disclose the execution of this  Agreement and the material  terms
of the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction  Documents.  On the Closing
Date,  the Company shall file a Current  Report on Form 8-K with the  Commission
(the "8-K FILING") describing the terms of the transactions  contemplated by the
Transaction  Documents and including as exhibits to such Current  Report on Form
8-K  this  Agreement  and the form of  Warrants,  in the  form  required  by the
Exchange Act. Thereafter,  the Company shall timely file any filings and notices
required  to be made by the Company by the  Commission  or  applicable  law with
respect to the transactions  contemplated hereby. Except with respect to the 8-K
Filing and the press release  referenced above (a copy of which will be provided
to the Investors for their review as early as practicable  prior to its filing),
the  Company  shall,   at  least  two  Trading  Days  prior  to  the  filing  or
dissemination  of any  disclosure  required  by this  paragraph,  provide a copy
thereof to the Investors for their review.  The Company and the Investors  shall
consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public
statements  or  filings  and other  communications  with the  Commission  or any
regulatory   agency  or  Trading   Market  with  respect  to  the   transactions
contemplated  hereby,  and neither  party shall issue any such press  release or
otherwise make any such public statement,  filing or other communication without
the prior consent of the other, except if such disclosure is required by law, in
which case the  disclosing  party  shall  promptly  provide the other party with
prior  notice  of  such  public  statement,   filing  or  other   communication.
Notwithstanding the foregoing,  the Company shall not publicly disclose the name
of any  Investor,  or include  the name of any  Investor  in any filing with the
Commission  (other than the  Registration  Statement and any exhibits to filings
made  in  respect  of  this  transaction  in  accordance  with  periodic  filing
requirements under the Exchange Act) or any regulatory agency or Trading Market,


                                       19
<PAGE>

without the prior written  consent of such  Investor,  except to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market  regulations,  in which case the
Company shall provide the Investors  with prior notice of such  disclosure.  The
Company shall not, and shall cause each of its  Subsidiaries and its and each of
their respective officers,  directors,  employees and agents not to, provide any
Investor with any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries from and after the filing of the 8-K Filing without the express
written  consent  of such  Investor.  In the event of a breach of the  foregoing
covenant  by  the  Company,  any  of its  Subsidiaries,  or any of its or  their
respective officers,  directors,  employees and agents, in addition to any other
remedy provided herein or in the Transaction  Documents,  an Investor shall have
the right to make a public  disclosure,  in the form of a press release,  public
advertisement or otherwise,  of such material nonpublic  information without the
prior  approval  by the  Company,  its  Subsidiaries,  or  any  of its or  their
respective officers, directors,  employees or agents. No Investor shall have any
liability to the Company,  its  Subsidiaries,  or any of its or their respective
officers, directors, employees,  stockholders or agents for any such disclosure.
Subject to the  foregoing,  neither the Company nor any Investor shall issue any
press releases or any other public  statements with respect to the  transactions
contemplated  hereby;  provided,  however,  that the Company  shall be entitled,
without the prior  approval of any Investor,  to make any press release or other
public   disclosure  with  respect  to  such  transactions  (i)  in  substantial
conformity  with the 8-K Filing and  contemporaneously  therewith and (ii) as is
required by applicable law and regulations  (provided that in the case of clause
(i) each Investor shall be consulted by the Company in connection  with any such
press release or other public disclosure prior to its release).

      4.8  Limitation  on Issuance of Future Priced  Securities.  During the six
months following the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any security that
would  be a  "Future  Priced  Securities"  as  such  term is  described  by NASD
IM-4350-1.

      4.9  Reimbursement.  If any  Investor  or any  of  its  Affiliates  or any
officer, director, partner, controlling Person, employee or agent of an Investor
or any of its Affiliates (a "RELATED  PERSON")  becomes involved in any capacity
in any  Proceeding  brought by or against any Person in connection  with or as a
result  of the  transactions  contemplated  by the  Transaction  Documents,  the
Company will indemnify and hold harmless such Investor or Related Person for its
reasonable legal and other expenses  (including the costs of any  investigation,
preparation and travel) and for any Losses incurred in connection therewith,  as
such expenses or Losses are incurred, excluding only Losses that result directly
from such Investor's or Related Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct.
In addition,  the Company  shall  indemnify  and hold harmless each Investor and
Related Person from and against any and all Losses, as incurred,  arising out of
or  relating  to any  breach  by  the  Company  of  any of the  representations,
warranties  or  covenants  made by the  Company in this  Agreement  or any other
Transaction  Document,  or any allegation by a third party that, if true,  would
constitute   such  a  breach.   The  conduct  of  any   Proceedings   for  which
indemnification  is available  under this paragraph shall be governed by Section
5(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement.  The  indemnification  obligations of
the Company under this paragraph  shall be in addition to any liability that the
Company may otherwise have and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Investors and
any such Related Persons. The Company also agrees that neither the Investors nor
any  Related  Persons  shall  have any  liability  to the  Company or any Person


                                       20
<PAGE>

asserting  claims on behalf of or in right of the Company in connection  with or
as a result  of the  transactions  contemplated  by the  Transaction  Documents,
except to the extent that any Losses  incurred  by the  Company  result from the
breach of any  representation  or warranty  contained  in this  Agreement by the
applicable  Investor  or the  gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct  of the
applicable  Investor or Related Person in connection with such transactions.  If
the Company breaches its obligations  under any Transaction  Document,  then, in
addition to any other  liabilities  the  Company may have under any  Transaction
Document or applicable  law, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Investors on
demand  for all  costs  of  collection  and  enforcement  (including  reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses).  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company  specifically  agrees to reimburse  the  Investors on demand for all
costs of enforcing the indemnification obligations in this paragraph.

      4.10 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities  hereunder for working capital  purposes,  including,  but not
limited to, the purchase of capital equipment, equipment installation, marketing
and  market  research  and up to  $600,000  of  such  net  proceeds  to  fulfill
outstanding  monetary  obligations  to  certain  of  its  Affiliates;  and up to
$500,000  additional  amount of such net proceeds to repay any bridge  financing
disclosed in Schedule 3.1(l).

                                   ARTICLE V.
                         CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

      5.1 Conditions Precedent to Obligations of the Investors.  Each Investor's
obligation to purchase  Securities at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver by such Investor of the following conditions:

            (a)   Representations   and  Warranties.   The  representations  and
warranties  of the  Company  contained  herein  shall be true and correct in all
material  respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing as though made
on and as of such date.

            (b) Performance of Obligations.  The Company shall have performed in
all material  respects all agreements and covenants  required to be performed by
it under this Agreement prior to the Closing Date.

            (c) No Injunction.  No statute, rule,  regulation,  executive order,
decree,  ruling or injunction shall have been enacted,  entered,  promulgated or
endorsed by any court or governmental  authority of competent  jurisdiction that
prohibits  the  consummation  of  any of the  transactions  contemplated  by the
Transaction Documents.


                                       21
<PAGE>

            (d) No  Material  Adverse  Effect.  Between  the  execution  of this
Agreement and the Closing,  no event or series of events (other than stock price
fluctuations)  shall have occurred which reasonably would be expected to have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

            (e) Company  Deliverables.  The Company shall have  delivered all of
the Company Deliverables for distribution at Closing.

            (f)  Minimum   Subscriptions.   The  aggregate  of  all   Investors'
Investment  Amounts delivered to the Escrow Agent in accordance with Section 2.2
and the Escrow Agreement shall not be less than $10,000,000.

            (g) Closing Date. The Closing shall have occurred by April 16, 2004.

      5.2  Conditions  Precedent to  Obligations  of the Company.  The Company's
obligation  to issue and sell the  Shares to each  Investor  at the  Closing  is
subject  to the  satisfaction,  or  waiver  by  the  Company,  of the  following
conditions:

            (a)   Representations   and  Warranties.   The  representations  and
warranties  of each Investor  contained  herein shall be true and correct in all
material  respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though
made on and as of such date.

            (b) Performance of  Obligations.  Such Investor shall have performed
in all material  respects all agreements and covenants  required to be performed
by it under this Agreement prior to the Closing Date.

            (c) No Injunction.  No statute, rule,  regulation,  executive order,
decree,  ruling or injunction shall have been enacted,  entered,  promulgated or
endorsed by any court or governmental  authority of competent  jurisdiction that
prohibits  the  consummation  of  any of the  transactions  contemplated  by the
Transaction Documents.

            (d)  Minimum   Subscriptions.   The  aggregate  of  all   Investors'
Investment  Amounts delivered to the Escrow Agent in accordance with Section 2.2
and the Escrow Agreement shall not be less than $10,000,000.

            (e) Closing Date. The Closing shall have occurred by April 16, 2004.

                                  ARTICLE VI.
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      6.1  Termination.  This  Agreement may be terminated by the Company or the
Lead Investor,  by written  notice to the other parties,  if the Closing has not
been  consummated by the third Trading Day following the date of this Agreement;
provided that no such  termination will affect the right of any party to sue for
any breach by the other party (or parties).

      6.2 Fees and Expenses.  At the Closing,  the Company  shall  reimburse the
Lead Investor $30,000 in connection with its diligence and legal fees concerning
the  transactions  contemplated by the Transaction  Documents (the Lead Investor
may deduct such amount from the Investment Amount  deliverable to the Company at
Closing),  it being  understood  that Bryan  Cave LLP,  the  attorneys  for such
Investor,  has not  rendered  any legal  advice to the  Company  or to any other
Investor in connection with the  transactions  contemplated  hereby and that the
Company and each other Investor has relied for such matters on the advice of its
own counsel.  Except as specified in the immediately  preceding  sentence,  each
party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel,  accountants and
other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to


                                       22
<PAGE>

the  negotiation,  preparation,  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of  the
Transaction  Documents.  The  Company  shall pay all  stamp and other  taxes and
duties levied in connection with the sale of the Securities.

      6.3  Entire  Agreement.  The  Transaction  Documents,  together  with  the
Exhibits and Schedules thereto,  contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties
acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

      6.4 Notices.  Any and all notices or other  communications  or  deliveries
required or permitted to be provided  hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of  transmission,  if
such notice or  communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number
specified in this Section  prior to 6:30 p.m.  (New York City time) on a Trading
Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,  if such notice or
communication  is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile  number  specified in
this  Section on a day that is not a Trading  Day or later  than 6:30 p.m.  (New
York City time) on any Trading  Day, (c) the Trading Day  following  the date of
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d)
upon  actual  receipt by the party to whom such  notice is required to be given.
The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

      If to the Company:     TNX TELEVISION HOLDINGS, INC.
                             1811 Chestnut Street, Suite 120,
                             Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
                             Attn:  President
                             Facsimile: (215) 972-8183

      With a copy to:        Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
                             666 Third Avenue
                             New York, NY 10017
                             Attention:  Kenneth R. Koch, Esq.
                             Facsimile: (212) 983-3115

      If to an Investor:     To the address set forth under such Investor's name
                             on the signature pages hereof;

or such other  address as may be designated  in writing  hereafter,  in the same
manner, by such Person.

      6.5 Amendments;  Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived or
amended except in a written instrument  signed, in the case of an amendment,  by
the Company and the Investors holding a majority of the Shares. No waiver of any
default  with  respect  to any  provision,  condition  or  requirement  of  this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any  subsequent  default  or a  waiver  of any  other  provision,  condition  or
requirement  hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.


                                       23
<PAGE>

      6.6  Construction.  The headings herein are for  convenience  only, do not
constitute a part of this  Agreement  and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent,  and no
rules of strict  construction  will be applied against any party. This Agreement
shall be construed as if drafted  jointly by the parties,  and no presumption or
burden of proof shall arise favoring or  disfavoring  any party by virtue of the
authorship  of any  provisions  of  this  Agreement  or  any of the  Transaction
Documents.

      6.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties and their  successors and permitted  assigns.  The
Company may not assign this  Agreement  or any rights or  obligations  hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Investors.  Any Investor may assign any
or all of its rights under this  Agreement  to any Person to whom such  Investor
assigns or transfers any Securities,  provided such transferee agrees in writing
to be bound,  with  respect to the  transferred  Securities,  by the  provisions
hereof that apply to the "Investors."  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary
herein,  Securities may be assigned to any Person in connection with a bona fide
margin  agreement or account or other loan or financing  arrangement  secured by
such Company Securities.

      6.8 No  Third-Party  Beneficiaries.  This  Agreement  is intended  for the
benefit of the parties  hereto and their  respective  successors  and  permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision  hereof be enforced
by, any other Person, except that each Related Person is an intended third party
beneficiary  of Section  4.8 and may  enforce  the  provisions  of such  Section
directly against the parties with obligations thereunder.

      6.9 Governing Law. All questions  concerning the  construction,  validity,
enforcement  and  interpretation  of this  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and
construed and enforced in accordance  with the internal laws of the State of New
York (except for matters  governed by corporate  law in the State of  Delaware),
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.  Each party agrees
that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations,  enforcement and defense of
the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  and any  other  Transaction
Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective  Affiliates,
employees  or agents)  shall be commenced  exclusively  in the state and federal
courts  sitting  in The City of New York,  Borough of  Manhattan  (the "NEW YORK
COURTS").  Each  party  hereto  hereby  irrevocably  submits  to  the  exclusive
jurisdiction  of the  New  York  Courts  for  the  adjudication  of any  dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction  contemplated hereby
or discussed  herein  (including  with respect to the  enforcement of any of the
Transaction Documents),  and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in  any  Proceeding,  any  claim  that  it is  not  personally  subject  to  the
jurisdiction  of any such New  York  Court,  or that  such  Proceeding  has been
commenced  in an  improper  or  inconvenient  forum.  Each party  hereto  hereby
irrevocably  waives  personal  service of process and consents to process  being
served in any such  Proceeding  by  mailing a copy  thereof  via  registered  or
certified  mail or overnight  delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this  Agreement and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient  service of process and notice
thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve  process in any manner  permitted  by law.  Each  party  hereto  hereby


                                       24
<PAGE>

irrevocably  waives,  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and
all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or the transactions  contemplated  hereby.  If either party shall
commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document,  then
the prevailing  party in such Proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its  attorney's  fees  and  other  costs  and  expenses  incurred  with  the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

      6.10 Survival. The representations,  warranties,  agreements and covenants
contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery and/or conversion or
exercise of the Shares and the Warrants, as applicable.

      6.11   Execution.   This   Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
counterparts,  all of which when taken  together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when  counterparts have been signed by
each party and  delivered  to the other  party,  it being  understood  that both
parties need not sign the same  counterpart.  In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall create a valid and
binding  obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed)  with the same force and effect as if such  facsimile  signature  page
were an original thereof.

      6.12  Severability.  If any  provision  of  this  Agreement  is held to be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect,  the validity and enforceability of the
remaining  terms  and  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  not in any way be
affected or impaired  thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid
and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor,  and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

      6.13  Rescission and  Withdrawal  Right.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary  contained in (and  without  limiting  any similar  provisions  of) the
Transaction Documents, whenever any Investor exercises a right, election, demand
or option under a Transaction  Document and the Company does not timely  perform
its related obligations within the periods therein provided,  then such Investor
may rescind or withdraw,  in its sole  discretion from time to time upon written
notice to the Company,  any relevant  notice,  demand or election in whole or in
part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

      6.14   Replacement  of  Securities.   If  any  certificate  or  instrument
evidencing any Securities is mutilated,  lost, stolen or destroyed,  the Company
shall  issue or cause to be issued in  exchange  and  substitution  for and upon
cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument,  but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company  of such  loss,  theft  or  destruction  and  customary  and  reasonable
indemnity,  if requested.  The  applicants  for a new  certificate or instrument
under  such  circumstances  shall  also  pay any  reasonable  third-party  costs
associated with the issuance of such  replacement  Securities.  If a replacement
certificate  or  instrument  evidencing  any  Securities  is requested  due to a
mutilation  thereof,   the  Company  may  require  delivery  of  such  mutilated
certificate  or  instrument  as a  condition  precedent  to  any  issuance  of a
replacement.

      6.15  Remedies.  In  addition to being  entitled  to  exercise  all rights
provided herein or granted by law,  including  recovery of damages,  each of the
Investors  and the Company  will be entitled to specific  performance  under the


                                       25
<PAGE>

Transaction  Documents.  The  parties  agree that  monetary  damages  may not be
adequate  compensation  for  any  loss  incurred  by  reason  of any  breach  of
obligations  described in the  foregoing  sentence and hereby agrees to waive in
any action for specific  performance  of any such  obligation the defense that a
remedy at law would be adequate.

      6.16 Payment Set Aside.  To the extent that the Company makes a payment or
payments to any  Investor  pursuant to any  Transaction  Document or an Investor
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the
proceeds of such  enforcement  or exercise or any part thereof are  subsequently
invalidated,  declared to be fraudulent or  preferential,  set aside,  recovered
from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded,  repaid or otherwise restored
to the  Company,  a  trustee,  receiver  or  any  other  Person  under  any  law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common
law or equitable  cause of action),  then to the extent of any such  restoration
the  obligation  or part thereof  originally  intended to be satisfied  shall be
revived and  continued  in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

      6.17  Independent  Nature  of  Investors'   Obligations  and  Rights.  The
obligations of each Investor under any Transaction  Document are several and not
joint with the  obligations  of any other  Investor,  and no  Investor  shall be
responsible  in any way for the  performance  of the  obligations  of any  other
Investor  under any  Transaction  Document.  The  decision  of each  Investor to
purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction  Documents has been made by such
Investor independently of any other Investor. Nothing contained herein or in any
Transaction  Document,  and no action  taken by any Investor  pursuant  thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership,  an association, a
joint  venture  or any other kind of entity,  or create a  presumption  that the
Investors  are in any way acting in  concert or as a group with  respect to such
obligations or the transactions  contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Investor  acknowledges  that no other  Investor  has  acted  as  agent  for such
Investor in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Investor
will be acting as agent of such  Investor  in  connection  with  monitoring  its
investment  in the  Securities  or enforcing  its rights  under the  Transaction
Documents.  Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce
its  rights,  including  without  limitation  the  rights  arising  out of  this
Agreement  or  out of the  other  Transaction  Documents,  and it  shall  not be
necessary  for any other  Investor  to be joined as an  additional  party in any
proceeding for such purpose. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors
has been provided with the same Transaction Documents for the purpose of closing
a  transaction  with  multiple  Investors  and not  because it was  required  or
requested to do so by any Investor.

      6.18  Limitation  of  Liability.  Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the
contrary,  the Company acknowledges and agrees that the liability of an Investor
arising directly or indirectly,  under any Transaction Document of any and every
nature  whatsoever shall be satisfied solely out of the assets of such Investor,
and that no trustee, officer, other investment vehicle or any other Affiliate of
such  Investor or any  investor,  shareholder  or holder of shares of beneficial
interest of such a Investor  shall be personally  liable for any  liabilities of
such Investor.


                                       26
<PAGE>

                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                             SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


                                       27
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  caused  this  Securities
Purchase   Agreement  to  be  duly  executed  by  their  respective   authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

                                           TNX TELEVISION HOLDINGS, INC.


                                            By:_________________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:


                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                      SIGNATURE PAGES FOR INVESTORS FOLLOW]


                                       28
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have  executed  this  Security  Purchase
Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                            NAME OF INVESTING ENTITY:

                                            ------------------------------------


                                            By:  Name:
                                                 Title:

                                            Investment Amount: $
                                                                ----------------

                                            Number of Shares:
                                                               -----------------

                                            Number of Warrants:
                                                                 ---------------

                                            Tax ID No.:
                                                        ------------------------


                                            ADDRESS FOR NOTICE

                                            c/o:
                                                 -------------------------------

                                            Street:
                                                    ----------------------------

                                            City/State/Zip:
                                                            --------------------

                                            Attention:
                                                       -------------------------

                                            Tel:
                                                     ---------------------------

                                            Fax:
                                                     ---------------------------

                                            Email:
                                                     ---------------------------


                                            DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                                            (if different from above)

                                            c/o:
                                                 -------------------------------

                                            Street:
                                                   -----------------------------

                                            City/State/Zip:
                                                            --------------------

                                            Attention:
                                                       -------------------------

                                            Tel:
                                                     ---------------------------

<PAGE>

                                                                       Exhibit A

                            TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

<PAGE>

                                                                       Exhibit B

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT



<PAGE>

                                                                       Exhibit C

                                 FORM OF WARRANT

<PAGE>

                                                                       Exhibit D

                                ESCROW AGREEMENT

<PAGE>


                                                                       Exhibit E

                     IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
