<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>v05312_ex2-2.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2

                                    AGREEMENT

         AGREEMENT  (the  "Agreement"),  dated  as of June 23,  2004,  by  and
between Encompass Group Affiliates,  Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Encompass"),
and  Hy-Tech   Technology  Group,   Inc.,  a  Delaware   corporation   ("Hy-Tech
Technology"),  and  Hy-Tech  Computer  Systems,  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation
("Hy-Tech Computer Systems" and together with Hy-Tech Technology, "HYTT").

                                    Recitals

         WHEREAS,  HYTT has been engaged in the  business of supplying  computer
systems, components and peripherals; and

         WHEREAS,  Martin Nielson is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Hy-Tech Technology ("Nielson"); and

         WHEREAS,  HYTT has entered into a (i) memorandum of understanding  (the
"C-T  Memorandum")  with Cyber-Test,  Inc. ("C-T") to acquire the assets of C-T,
(ii) a memorandum of understanding  (the "BCD  Memorandum")  with BCD 2000, Inc.
("BCD") to acquire the assets of BCD,  and (iii) a memorandum  of  understanding
(the "PMIC  Memorandum" and together with the C-T Memorandum and BCD Memorandum,
the "Memoranda") with Pacific Magtron International,  Inc. ("PMIC") whereby PMIC
would acquire the assets of HYTT; and

         WHEREAS,   HYTT  no  longer  desires  to  consummate  the  transactions
contemplated under the Memoranda; and

         WHEREAS, Encompass desires to enter into negotiations with each of C-T,
BCD and PMIC; and

         WHEREAS,  in connection with the negotiations with each of C-T, BCD and
PMIC,  Encompass  desires to employ Nielson as its President and Chief Executive
Officer upon  consummation of the transactions  contemplated by the negotiations
(the "Contemplated Transactions"); and

         WHEREAS,  in connection with the Contemplated  Transactions,  Encompass
desires to obtain  certain  rights and license  certain  assets from HYTT on the
terms and conditions contained herein.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual  agreements  contained
herein,  and intending to be legally bound hereby,  the parties  hereto agree as
follows:


<PAGE>

                     ARTICLE I. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING;

                               LICENSE AGREEMENTS

         1.1 Memoranda of Understanding

                  (a) HYTT and its affiliates  hereby (i) acknowledge  that they
no longer desire to consummate the  transactions  contemplated  by the Memoranda
and have ceased all  negotiations in furtherance  thereof and (ii) waive any and
all rights they may have, if any, with respect to Encompass' and its affiliates'
pursuit of the Contemplated Transactions.

                  (b) HYTT and its affiliates  hereby further  acknowledge  that
Encompass and its affiliates  desire to initiate  negotiations  with, and pursue
inquiries and solicit  offers from,  each of C-T, BCD and PMIC in furtherance of
the Contemplated  Transactions;  and Encompass and its affiliates shall have the
right to initiate,  solicit,  negotiate or pursue any such inquiry,  proposal or
offer relating to the Contemplated Transactions.

                  (c) Neither HYTT nor any of its  affiliates  shall  attempt to
initiate,  solicit,  negotiate or pursue any inquiry, proposal or offer with any
of C-T, BCD and PMIC relating to any acquisition  and/or financing of any of the
foregoing,  whether by purchase of assets or stock, by merger,  by consolidation
or other reorganization or by any other transaction.

         1.2 Offer of Employment.  Upon  consummation of the Closing (as defined
below),  Encompass shall have the sole and exclusive right to extend an offer of
employment  to Nielson,  to become an  executive  officer of  Encompass  and its
affiliates  as of  the  Closing,  substantially  on  the  terms  and  conditions
contained  in an  employment  agreement to be entered  into among  Nielson,  and
Encompass and its  affiliates,  the form of which is attached  hereto as Exhibit
"A" (the "Employment Agreement"). Prior to the Closing, HYTT shall not engage in
any  activity  that  would  dissuade  Nielson  from  accepting  employment  with
Encompass and its affiliates.  Prior to the Closing,  HYTT shall release Nielson
from any and all  obligations  under his  employment  agreement with HYTT, or at
law. At Closing,  HYTT shall waive any and all rights with  respect to Nielson's
employment,  or the  termination  of Nielson's  employment,  including,  without
limitation,  any restriction on his employment or his  activities.  On and after
the Closing Date,  HYTT shall not solicit,  directly or  indirectly,  Nielson to
leave the employ of  Encompass  or any of its  affiliates.  At Closing,  Nielson
shall resign from any and all positions as an officer  and/or  director of HYTT,
except  that  Executive  may  remain  solely as an outside  director  of Hy-Tech
Technology, but not as Chairman of the Board.

         1.3 Non-Compete.  At the Closing, Encompass and HYTT shall enter into a
Non-Compete  Agreement,  substantially  in the form of Exhibit  "B" hereto  (the
"Non-Compete  Agreement"),  whereby HYTT shall agree not to compete, directly or
indirectly,  with the businesses of Encompass or its affiliates;  provided that,
for a period of three (3) months after the  Closing,  HYTT shall be permitted to
sell, in the ordinary course of its business,  any inventory of HYTT not sold on
or prior to the Closing.

                                       2
<PAGE>

The rights of Encompass and its affiliates contained in Section 1.1, Section 1.2
and Section 1.3 hereof shall be collectively referred to as the "Rights".

         1.4 License Agreements. On the Closing Date,

                  (a) HYTT shall enter into a license  agreement,  substantially
in the form of Exhibit "C" hereto (the "Customer Lists License Agreement"), with
Encompass  pursuant  to which  HYTT  shall  grant  to  Encompass  an  exclusive,
worldwide,   royalty-free,   fully  paid  up,  perpetual,   non-terminable   and
irrevocable  right and license to use, in any manner  determined by Encompass or
its affiliates, the customer lists of HYTT (the "Customer Lists"); and

                  (b) HYTT shall enter into a license  agreement,  substantially
in the form of Exhibit "D" hereto (the "Websites License Agreement" and together
with the Customer  Lists  License  Agreement,  the "License  Agreements"),  with
Encompass  pursuant  to which  HYTT  shall  grant  to  Encompass  an  exclusive,
worldwide,   royalty-free,   fully  paid  up,  perpetual,   non-terminable   and
irrevocable right and license to use, in any manner determined by Encompass, the
following websites and any and all derivatives thereof and intellectual property
related thereto (the "Websites"):

                            (i) www.e-hytech.com;

                            (ii) www.hy-tech.com;

                            (iii) www.pc-xpress.com;

                            (iv) www.PXCP.com; and

                            (v) www.computerliquidators.com.

         1.5 Assumption of  Liabilities.  Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, at the Closing, Encompass shall assume and agree to perform, pay
or  discharge  all  liabilities  and  obligations  of HYTT under  those  certain
convertible debentures (the "Convertible  Debentures") set forth in Schedule 1.5
hereto (the  assumption of such  liabilities  shall be referred to herein as the
"Consideration")  up to an  amount  not  to  exceed  $503,300,  pursuant  to the
Assumption  Agreement,  substantially  in the form of Exhibit  "E"  hereto  (the
"Assumption  Agreement").  Except  as set  forth  in  this  Section  1.5 and the
Assumption  Agreement,  Encompass  shall not  assume or be  responsible  for any
liabilities  or  obligations  of HYTT.  On and after  the  Closing,  HYTT  shall
perform,  pay or  discharge  all  liabilities  and  obligations  relating to the
Rights,  the License  Agreements,  the Release and Waiver (as defined in Section
4.1  below),  and any other  rights and assets of HYTT,  other than the  Assumed
Liabilities.

                                       3
<PAGE>

                               ARTICLE II. CLOSING

         2.1  Closing.  The  closing of the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement  (the  "Closing")  shall take place at the  offices of Eckert  Seamans
Cherin & Mellott, LLC, 1515 Market Street, 9th Floor, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
19102,  at 10:00 A.M.,  on June 1, 2004 or such other time and date as Encompass
and HYTT may agree. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is referred to
herein as the "Closing Date."

         2.2 Deliveries by Seller.

                  (a) At the  Closing,  HYTT  shall  deliver  to  Encompass  the
following:

                           (i)  an   executed   counterpart   to  each   License
Agreement;

                           (ii) the Customer  Lists (which shall be delivered on
CD Rom media in a file format that is compatible with Microsoft Excel);

                           (iii)  an  executed  counterpart  of the  Non-Compete
Agreement;

                           (iv) a certificate,  dated the Closing Date, executed
by the Secretary of Hy-Tech  Technology,  certifying as to Hy-Tech  Technology's
certificate of incorporation (which shall be certified by the secretary of state
of the state of its  jurisdiction of  incorporation),  bylaws or other governing
documents and  resolutions  adopted by Hy-Tech  Technology's  board of directors
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby attached thereto;

                           (v) a certificate,  dated the Closing Date,  executed
by the Secretary of Hy-Tech Computer Systems,  certifying as to Hy-Tech Computer
Systems' certificate of incorporation (which shall be certified by the secretary
of state of the state of its  jurisdiction  of  incorporation),  bylaws or other
governing  documents and resolutions  adopted by Hy-Tech Computer Systems' board
of  directors  with respect to the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  attached
thereto;

                           (vi) a  certificate  of  good  standing  for  each of
Hy-Tech  Technology  and  Hy-Tech  Computer  Systems  from its  jurisdiction  of
incorporation;

                           (vii) an  opinion  of  Gottbetter  &  Partners,  LLP,
counsel to HYTT,  dated the Closing Date, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
"F";

                                       4
<PAGE>

                           (viii) all consents,  approvals and authorizations of
all third parties and governmental  bodies that are necessary in connection with
(A)  the  execution  and  delivery  by HYTT of  this  Agreement  or the  Related
Instruments,  and (B) the consummation by HYTT of the transactions  contemplated
hereby or thereby; and

                           (ix)  all  other  previously  undelivered  documents,
instruments  and  writings  required to be  delivered by HYTT to Encompass at or
prior to the  Closing  pursuant  to this  Agreement  or  otherwise  required  in
connection herewith.

         2.3  Deliveries by Buyer.  At the Closing,  Encompass  shall deliver to
HYTT the following:

                  (a) the Assumption Agreement;

                  (b) an  opinion  of  Eckert  Seamans  Cherin &  Mellott,  LLC,
counsel to Encompass,  dated the Closing  Date,  in the form attached  hereto as
Exhibit "G"; and

                  (c) all other previously  undelivered  documents,  instruments
and  writings  required to be  delivered by Encompass to HYTT at or prior to the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise required in connection herewith.

                        ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND

                                   WARRANTIES

         3.1 Each party represents and warrants to the other as follows:

                  (a)  Organization,  Etc.  Each  party  is a  corporation  duly
organized,  validly  existing  and  in  good  standing  under  the  laws  of its
jurisdiction of incorporation. Each party has the power and authority to conduct
its  business  as it is  currently  being  conducted  and to own and  lease  the
property and assets that it now owns and leases.

                  (b)  Authorization.  Each  party has all  requisite  corporate
power  and  authority  to  enter  into,  execute,  deliver  and  consummate  the
transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement and any instruments and agreements
contemplated herein required to be executed and delivered by it pursuant to this
Agreement (collectively,  the "Related Instruments").  The board of directors of
each  party  has  taken  all  action   required  by  law,  the   certificate  of
incorporation,  bylaws  or  other  governing  documents  of each  such  party or
otherwise to authorize  the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement  and the
Related Instruments and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby.

                  (c) No  Violation.  Neither the execution and delivery by such
party of this Agreement or any of the Related Instruments,  nor the consummation
by such  party of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby or  thereby,  will (i)

                                       5
<PAGE>

violate any provision of the laws of its jurisdiction of  incorporation,  or the
certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents of such party,
or (ii)  violate,  conflict  with,  or  constitute  a  default  (or an  event or
condition  which,  with  notice  or lapse of time or both,  would  constitute  a
default)  under,  or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance
required  by, or cause the  acceleration  of the  maturity of any  liability  or
obligation  pursuant to, or result in the creation or imposition of any security
interest,  lien,  charge or other  encumbrance  upon any of such party's  assets
under any note,  bond,  mortgage,  indenture,  deed of  trust,  license,  lease,
contract, commitment,  understanding,  arrangement,  agreement or restriction of
any kind to which  such  party is a party or by which such party may be bound or
affected or to which any of such party's  assets may be subject,  or violate any
statute or law or any judgment,  decree, order, writ, injunction,  regulation or
rule of any court or governmental authority,  except, in the case of clause (ii)
above, for any such event that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a material  adverse  effect or  prohibit  or restrict  the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Related Instruments.

                  (d) Litigation,  Orders. There are no claims,  actions, suits,
proceedings, investigations or inquiries pending before any court, arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory  official or office,  or, to such party's  knowledge,
threatened  against or affecting  such party that questions the validity of this
Agreement,  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby or any action taken or to be
taken by such party pursuant to this Agreement,  at law or in equity,  before or
by any federal,  state,  local or foreign  governmental  authority;  nor, to the
knowledge  of such party,  is there any valid basis for any such claim,  action,
suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation.

                  (e) Consents and  Approvals.  Other than  consents  previously
obtained,  no party is required to obtain,  transfer or cause to be  transferred
any  consent,  approval,  license,  permit  or  authorization  of,  or make  any
declaration,  filing or registration  with, any third party or any  governmental
authority in  connection  with (a) the  execution  and delivery by such party of
this Agreement or the Related Instruments, or (b) the consummation by such party
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

                  (f) No  Injunction.  There is no effective  injunction,  writ,
preliminary  restraining  order or other  order  issued by a court of  competent
jurisdiction  restraining or prohibiting the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated hereby.

         3.2 Each of Hy-Tech  Technology and Hy-Tech Computer Systems represents
and warrants to Encompass as follows:

                  (a) Websites.

                           (i) At  Closing,  upon  release by the holders of the
Convertible  Debentures (the "Holders") of the liens on the assets of HYTT, HYTT
shall own, free and clear of all liens, mortgages,  security interests,  charges

                                       6
<PAGE>

and encumbrances and has good and merchantable title to, or otherwise  possesses
all rights necessary to use and license all Websites and all other  intellectual
property related thereto.

                           (ii) No  notice  has been  received  by HYTT,  and no
claims  have  been  asserted  by any  person,  challenging  or  questioning  the
ownership, validity, enforceability or use by HYTT or any license thereof of any
of the Websites and, to HYTT's  knowledge,  there is no valid basis for any such
claim,  and the use or other  exploitation  of the Websites by HYTT or Encompass
and its affiliates does not infringe on or dilute the rights of any person; and,
to HYTT's  knowledge,  no other person is  infringing on the rights of HYTT with
respect to any of the Websites.

                  (b) Customer Lists.

                           (i) At  Closing,  upon  release  of the  liens on the
assets of HYTT by the  Holders,  HYTT  shall  own,  free and clear of all liens,
mortgages,  security  interests,  charges  and  encumbrances  and has  good  and
merchantable  title to, or otherwise  possesses all rights  necessary to use and
license the Customer Lists and all rights related thereto.

                           (ii) The Customer Lists  constitute true and accurate
lists of all customers of HYTT's business;  HYTT has received no notice or other
communication from, and there has been no indication by, any such customer of an
intention to discontinue or change the terms of its relationship with HYTT.

                  (c) Convertible  Debentures.  The aggregate amount outstanding
under the  Convertible  Debentures  set forth on Schedule  1.5  attached  hereto
represents the entire amount due and owing to the Holders.

                  (d) Fair  Value.  Each of  Hy-Tech  Technology's  and  Hy-Tech
Computer  Systems'  boards of directors has  determined  that the  Consideration
represents fair value for the Rights, the License Agreements and the Release and
Waiver.

                  (e) No Brokers.  Other than its  engagement of Altos  Bancorp,
Inc.,  HYTT has not taken any  action  that  would give rise to any claim by any
person for brokerage commissions,  finder's fees or similar payments relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

                  (f) Note Payable. That certain Promissory Note in the original
principal  amount of $105,000,  issued in April 2002 by HYTT to Bradley Conklin,
Margaret Conklin and Susan McNear (collectively,  the "Note Holders"),  has been
paid in full and HYTT has no further  obligations,  and the Note Holders have no
further rights, thereunder, payment or otherwise.

                                       7
<PAGE>

                  (g) Disclosure.

                           (i) No  representation  or warranty by HYTT contained
in this Agreement, and no statement contained in any document, list, certificate
or  other  writing  furnished  or to be  furnished  by or on  behalf  of HYTT to
Encompass or any of its  representatives  in  connection  with the  transactions
contemplated hereby, contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material
fact,  or omits or will omit to state any material fact  necessary,  in light of
the  circumstances  under  which  it was or will be  made,  in order to make the
statements herein or therein not misleading.

                           (ii)  HYTT does not have  knowledge  of any fact that
has  specific  application  to HYTT  (other  than  general  economic or industry
conditions)  that may  materially  adversely  affect  the  Rights,  the  License
Agreements  and the  Release  and  Waiver,  which has not been set forth in this
Agreement.

                           (iii) No investigation by, or knowledge of, Encompass
or its agents shall affect the representations and warranties given by HYTT.

         3.3 Encompass represents and warrants to HYTT as follows:

                  (a) Brokers.  Other than its  engagement of Maximum  Ventures,
Inc. ("Maximum"), Encompass has not taken any action that would give rise to any
claim by any person for brokerage commission,  finder's fees or similar payments
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

                           ARTICLE IV. GENERAL RELEASE

         4.1 Full  Release and Waiver.  Each of Hy-Tech  Technology  and Hy-Tech
Computer  Systems,  on behalf  of  itself  and each of its  current  and  former
parents, subsidiaries,  affiliates, officers, shareholders,  directors, members,
predecessors,   successors,   employees,  agents,  attorneys,   assigns,  heirs,
executors,  receivers,  trustees,  personal  representatives  and administrators
(collectively,  the "Related  Persons"),  hereby releases,  waives,  acquits and
forever  discharges  Encompass and each of its Related  Persons from any and all
manner  of  actions  and  causes  of  action,  lawsuits,  charges,   complaints,
liabilities,  promises,  covenants,  agreements,  judgments,  damages, expenses,
suits, debts,  claims and demands whatsoever in law or in equity,  whether known
or unknown,  direct or  indirect,  absolute or  contingent  (including,  but not
limited to, claims for attorneys' fees and expenses whatsoever), which either of
Hy-Tech  Technology and Hy-Tech  Computer Systems and/or its Related Persons has
ever had, now has, or hereafter  may have against  Encompass  and/or its Related
Persons  arising  out of, due to, or in any way related to this  Agreement,  the
Related Instruments and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except
for Encompass' failure to perform,  pay and/or discharge the Assumed Liabilities
or  breach  of this  Agreement  or the  License  Agreements  (the  "Release  and
Waiver").

                                       8
<PAGE>

         4.2  Covenant  Not to  Sue.  Each of  Hy-Tech  Technology  and  Hy-Tech
Computer  Systems,  on behalf of itself and each of its Related  Persons  hereby
covenants  that neither it nor any of its Related  Persons will sue Encompass or
any of its Related Persons due to, or in any way related to this Agreement,  the
Related Instruments and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except
for Encompass' failure to perform,  pay and/or discharge the Assumed Liabilities
or for breach of this Agreement or the License Agreements.

         4.3  Additional  Documents.  Each of  Hy-Tech  Technology  and  Hy-Tech
Computer  Systems  hereby  agrees to  cooperate  fully and  execute  any and all
supplementary  documents and to take any and all additional actions which may be
necessary or  appropriate  to give full force and effect to the terms and intent
of the Release and Waiver.

         4.4  Third  Party  Beneficiaries.  This  Agreement  shall  inure to the
benefit of Encompass and its Related  Persons,  and each of their successors and
assigns, all of which are intended to be third-party beneficiaries hereunder.

         4.5 C-T,  BCD,  PMIC.  In the event  Encompass  and/or  its  affiliates
consummate  a  transaction  with each of C-T, BCD and PMIC,  effective  upon the
closing of each such transaction with C-T, BCD and PMIC,  respectively,  each of
Hy-Tech  Technology and Hy-Tech Computer Systems on behalf of itself and each of
its Related Persons hereby releases, waives, acquits and forever discharges C-T,
BCD and PMIC  and  each of their  Related  Persons  from any and all  manner  of
actions  and  causes of  action,  lawsuits,  charges,  complaints,  liabilities,
promises,  covenants,  agreements,  judgments,  damages, expenses, suits, debts,
claims and demands  whatsoever  in law or in equity,  whether  known or unknown,
direct or  indirect,  absolute  or  contingent  (including,  but not limited to,
claims for  attorneys'  fees and expenses  whatsoever),  which either of Hy-Tech
Technology and Hy-Tech Computer Systems and/or its Related Persons has ever had,
now has, or  hereafter  may have  against  C-T, BCD and PMIC and/or any of their
Related  Persons  arising out of, due to, or in any way related to the Memoranda
and the transactions contemplated thereby.

               ARTICLE V. OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF HYTT AND ENCOMPASS

         5.1  Prohibited  Actions.  Between the date of this  Agreement  and the
Closing  Date,  in the  conduct  of its  business,  HYTT  shall  not,  except as
otherwise agreed by Encompass in writing:

                  (a) Incurrence of Liens. Subject to lien, security interest or
any other encumbrance any of the Websites or Customer Lists.

                                       9
<PAGE>

                  (b) Publicity;  Advertisement. Except as required by law or in
accordance  with  Section 8.1 hereof,  publicize,  advertise  or announce to any
third party, except as required pursuant to this Agreement to obtain the consent
of such third party,  the  entering  into of this  Agreement,  the terms of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

         5.2 Additional Covenants. On and after the date hereof:

                  (a) Customer Lists; Websites. HYTT shall not sell, encumber or
grant a license or other right in and to, the Customer Lists and/or the Websites
to any third party.

                  (b)  Dissolution.  Neither of Hy-Tech  Technology  nor Hy-Tech
Computer Systems will voluntarily dissolve or file for bankruptcy.

                  (c) Brokers.

                           (i) HYTT shall pay, or cause to be paid, all fees and
other  amounts  due and  owing to Altos  Bancorp,  Inc.  and its  affiliates  in
connection with the Agreement.

                           (ii)  Encompass  shall pay, or cause to be paid,  all
fees and other amounts due and owing to Maximum in accordance  with that certain
Advisory Agreement,  dated April 1, 2004, between and affiliate of Encompass and
Maximum.

               ARTICLE VI. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY

         6.1 The  obligations  of Encompass  under this Agreement are subject to
the satisfaction, at or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

                  (a)  Representations  and Warranties.  The representations and
warranties  of HYTT  contained  herein,  and  the  statements  contained  in any
schedule, instrument, list, certificate or writing delivered by HYTT pursuant to
this Agreement shall be true, complete and accurate as of the date when made and
as of the Closing Date as though such  representations  and warranties were made
at and as of such dates,  except for any  changes  expressly  permitted  by this
Agreement.

                  (b) Performance. HYTT shall have performed and complied in all
material  respects with all covenants,  agreements,  obligations  and conditions
required by this  Agreement to be performed or complied with by HYTT at or prior
to the Closing.

                  (c) Cyber Test,  Inc.  Encompass  or an affiliate of Encompass
shall have  simultaneously  closed the acquisition of all, or substantially all,
of the assets of C-T on terms mutually agreeable to C-T and Encompass.

                                       10
<PAGE>

                  (d)  Employment  Matters.  Nielson shall have entered into the
Employment Agreement.

                  (e)  Debenture   Holders.   The  holders  of  the  Convertible
Debentures  (the  "Holders")  (i) shall have  agreed  upon the  exchange  of the
Convertible  Debentures  for  preferred  stock of Encompass  and cash,  on terms
mutually agreeable to Encompass and the Holders,  and (ii) shall have authorized
Encompass  to  file  financing  statements  with  the  applicable   governmental
authority(ies)  filing  offices to  terminate  the liens placed on the assets of
HYTT by the Holders.

                  (f) Other  Acquisitions.  In the event the BCD  Memorandum and
the PMIC Memorandum  shall not have already expired by their  respective  terms,
HYTT shall have  terminated  each of the BCD Memorandum and PMIC  Memorandum and
waived any and all rights it may have thereunder; and PMIC shall have executed a
letter of intent with Encompass or an affiliate of Encompass.

                  (g)  Consulting  Agreements.  Encompass and Maximum shall have
agreed on a mutually acceptable arrangement for advisory services to be provided
by, and fees to be paid to, Maximum which such  arrangement  shall supersede any
prior arrangements between Encompass and Maximum. AltosBanCorp., Inc. shall have
released  Encompass  from  any  obligation  with  respect  to  the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

                  (h)  Landlord;  Noteholders.  Each of Lee  Coast  Enterprises,
Inc.,  Brad Conklin,  Margaret  Conklin and Susan McNear shall have  delivered a
release and waiver, substantially in the form of Exhibit "H" attached hereto.

         6.2 The  obligations  of HYTT under this  Agreement  are subject to the
satisfaction, at or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

                  (a)  Representations  and Warranties.  The representations and
warranties of Encompass  contained herein,  and the statements  contained in any
schedule,  instrument,  list,  certificate  or writing  delivered  by  Encompass
pursuant to this Agreement  shall be true,  complete and accurate as of the date
when  made  and as of the  Closing  Date  as  though  such  representations  and
warranties were made at and as of such dates,  except for any changes  expressly
permitted by this Agreement.

                  (b)  Performance.  Encompass shall have performed and complied
in all  material  respects  with  all  covenants,  agreements,  obligations  and
conditions  required by this  Agreement  to be  performed  or  complied  with by
Encompass at or prior to the Closing.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                            ARTICLE VII. TERMINATION

         7.1 Termination of Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated:

                  (i) by the mutual consent of HYTT and Encompass;

                  (ii) by HYTT or  Encompass  if the Closing has not taken place
on or before June 8, 2004;  provided,  however,  that no Party then in breach of
any obligations hereunder shall have the right to terminate;

                  (iii)  by  Encompass  if  any  of  the   representations   and
warranties  of HYTT  contained  in Article  III  hereof  were  incorrect  in any
material respect when made or become incorrect in any material respect; and

                  (iv) by HYTT if any of the  representations  and warranties of
Encompass contained in Article III hereof were incorrect in any material respect
when made or become incorrect in any material respect.

         7.2 Limitations on Remedies. If this Agreement is terminated by HYTT or
Encompass  as permitted  under  Section 7.1 and not as a result of a breach of a
representation  or  warranty  or  the  failure  of  any  party  to  perform  its
obligations hereunder, such termination shall be without liability of any party.
If a party terminates this Agreement as a result of a breach of a representation
or  warranty by the other party or the failure of the other party to perform its
obligations  hereunder,  the  nonbreaching  party  shall,  in  addition to other
remedies  provided  by this  Agreement,  at law,  or in equity,  be  entitled to
reimbursement  from  the  breaching  party  for  all  expenses  incurred  by the
nonbreaching  party in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and the  transactions
contemplated hereby.

                           ARTICLE VIII. MISCELLANEOUS

         8.1 Press Releases and Public Announcements.  Neither Encompass, on the
one hand, nor HYTT, on the other hand, shall issue any press release or make any
public announcement relating to the subject matter of this Agreement without the
prior written approval of the other parties. Encompass and HYTT shall agree upon
the text of, and jointly  issue,  a press release or other public  communication
announcing the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereunder, a form
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "I".

         8.2 Further  Assurances.  From time to time, at Encompass'  request and
without further consideration,  HYTT shall execute and deliver to Encompass such
documents  and take such other action as  Encompass  may  reasonably  request in
order to consummate more effectively the transactions contemplated hereby.

         8.3 Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to
the benefit of, and be enforceable  by the  respective  successors and permitted
assigns of the parties hereto.  The rights and obligations of HYTT hereunder may
not be assigned without the prior written consent of Encompass.

                                       12
<PAGE>

         8.4 Entire  Agreement,  Amendments  and  Waiver.  This  Agreement,  the
exhibits,  the  schedules  and other  writings  referred to herein or  delivered
pursuant hereto that form a part hereof contain the entire  understanding of the
parties with respect to its subject matter. This Agreement  supersedes all prior
understandings  and agreements.  This Agreement may be amended only by a written
instrument duly executed by the parties.  Any condition to a party's obligations
hereunder may be waived in writing by such party to the extent permitted by law.

         8.5  Headings.  The  Article  and Section  headings  contained  in this
Agreement  are for  reference  purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

         8.6 Notices. All notices, claims,  certificates,  requests, demands and
other  communications  hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been  received  (i) on the  same  business  day if  delivered  personally  or by
confirmed facsimile transmission,  (ii) on the next business day if delivered by
a reputable and nationally  recognized overnight courier, and (iii) on the third
business day if mailed  (registered or certified mail,  postage prepaid,  return
receipt requested), as follows:

If to Encompass :         c/o Advanced Communications Technologies, Inc.
                          420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2739
                          New York, New York  10170
                          Attention: Wayne I. Danson
                          Facsimile No.: 646-227-1666

with a copy to:           Eckert Seamans Cherin & Mellott, LLC
                          1515 Market Street, 9th Floor
                          Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19102
                          Attention: Gary A. Miller, Esquire
                          Facsimile No.:  215-851-8383

                                         and

                          Levinson & Lichtman, LLP
                          120 E. Palmetto Park Road, Suite 100
                          Boca Raton, FL  33432
                          Attention: Jonathan J. Lichtman, Esquire
                          Facsimile No.:  561-869-3601

                                       13
<PAGE>

If to HYTT:               Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc.
                          1840 Boy Scout Drive
                          Ft. Myers, Florida
                          Attention: Martin Nielson
                          Facsimile No.: __________________

with a copy to:           Gottbetter & Partners, LLP
                          488 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
                          New York, New York  10022-5718
                          Attention: Adam Gottbetter, Esquire
                          Facsimile No.: 212-400-6901

or to such other  address  as the person to whom  notice is to be given may have
previously  furnished  to the others in  writing in the manner set forth  above,
provided  that  notice of a change of  address  shall be deemed  given only upon
receipt.

         8.7 Governing Law;  Jurisdiction.  This Agreement  shall be governed by
and  construed in  accordance  with the laws of the State of  Delaware,  without
regard to its or any other  jurisdiction's  conflicts  of laws  principles.  Any
legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or for recognition and
enforcement of any judgment in respect hereof brought by any party hereto or its
successors  or assigns may be brought and  determined in the courts of the State
of Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware, and each
party hereto submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and
in respect to its  property,  generally  and  unconditionally,  to the exclusive
jurisdiction  of such  courts,  and agrees  that  service of process in any such
action or  proceeding  shall be effective if mailed to such party at the address
specified  herein.  Each  party  hereto  irrevocably  waives,  and agrees not to
assert, by way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action
or  proceeding  with  respect  to this  Agreement  (i) any claim  that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts for any reason,  (ii) that
it or its  property is exempt or immune from  jurisdiction  of any court or from
any legal process  commenced in such courts (whether  through service of notice,
attachment  prior to  judgment,  attachment  in aid of  execution  of  judgment,
execution of judgment or otherwise),  and (iii) to the fullest extent  permitted
by applicable law, that (a) the suit,  action or proceeding in any such court is
brought  in an  inconvenient  forum,  (b) the  venue  of such  suit,  action  or
proceeding is improper and (c) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may
not be enforced in or by such courts.

         8.8 Third Parties.  Nothing herein  expressed or implied is intended or
shall be construed to confer upon or give to any person,  other than the parties
hereto and their successors or permitted  assigns,  any rights or remedies under
or by reason of this Agreement.

         8.9  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed  simultaneously  in
several  counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed an  original,  but all of
which  together  shall  constitute  one  and  the  same  instrument,   and  such
counterparts may be delivered by facsimile transmission.

                                       14
<PAGE>

         8.10  Expenses.  Each party hereto will bear its own costs and expenses
(including fees and expenses of legal counsel, accountants,  investment bankers,
brokers or other  representatives  or  consultants)  incurred in connection with
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

         8.11 Construction.  Encompass and HYTT have participated jointly in the
negotiation  and  drafting  of this  Agreement.  In the  event an  ambiguity  or
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as
if drafted  jointly by the parties  hereto and no presumption or burden of proof
will arise favoring or disfavoring  any party by virtue of the authorship of any
of the provisions of this Agreement.  Any reference to any federal, state, local
or  foreign  statute  or law  will be  deemed  also to refer  to all  rules  and
regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise.









                                       15
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by the duly authorized  officers of each of the parties hereto on the date first
written above.

                                      ENCOMPASS GROUP AFFILIATES, INC.



                                      By:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                      HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.


                                      By:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                      HY-TECH COMPUTER SYSTEMS, INC.


                                      By:
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:




                                       16
<PAGE>

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                                  SCHEDULE 1.5
                             CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name and Address                                   Principal amount of Debenture
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
KT Capital, LP                                     $100,000
237 Park Avenue South
New York, NY 10017
Attn: Jeffrey Kwit, Managing Partner
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
David H. Boshart & Elizabeth F. Boshart            $100,000
8504 Charter Club Circle, No. 10
Fort Myers, FL 33919
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
David H. Boshart, Bruce H. Boshart &               $100,000
 Bethany Maahs-Hoagsberg
8504 Charter Club Circle, No. 10
Fort Myers, FL 33919
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
David H. Boshart                                   $100,000
8504 Charter Club Circle, No. 10
Fort Myers, FL 33919
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maximum Ventures, Inc.                             $103,300
1175 Walt Whitman Road
Fort Myers, FL 33907
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                              $503,300
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




<PAGE>

                                  SCHEDULE 1.6
                          ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE

Rights and Release and Waiver-$103,300
Customer Lists License Agreement-$300,000
Websites License Agreement-$100,000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
