<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


EXHIBIT 2.2
                              CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
                                       OF
                                 SANJAY HARYAMA
                                       AND
                         HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.

         It is hereby certified that:

                  1. The constituent business corporations  participating in the
merger herein certified are:

                           (i) Sanjay Haryama,  which is incorporated  under the
laws of the State of Wyoming;
and
                           (ii)  HY-Tech   Technology  Group,   Inc.,  which  is
incorporated under the laws of the
State of Delaware.

                  2. An Agreement and Plan of Merger has been approved, adopted,
certified,  executed,  and  acknowledged  by each of the  aforesaid  constituent
corporations  in accordance with the provisions of subsection (c) of Section 252
of the  General  Corporation  Law of the State of  Delaware,  to wit,  by Sanjay
Haryama in  accordance  with the laws of the State of its  incorporation  and by
HY-Tech  Technology Group, Inc. in the same manner as is provided in Section 251
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

                  3. The name of the surviving  corporation in the merger herein
certified is HY-Tech  Technology Group,  Inc., which will continue its existence
as said surviving  corporation under its present name upon the effective date of
said merger  pursuant to the  provisions of the General  Corporation  Law of the
State of Delaware.

                  4. The  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of HY-Tech  Technology
Group, Inc., as now in force and effect, shall continue to be the Certificate of
Incorporation of said surviving  corporation  until amended and changed pursuant
to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

                  5. The  executed  Agreement  and Plan of  Merger  between  the
aforesaid  constituent  corporations  is on file at an office  of the  aforesaid
surviving corporation, the address of which is as follows: 1840 Boy Scout Drive,
Fort Myers, FL 33907-2113.

                  6. A copy of the  aforesaid  Agreement and Plan of Merger will
be furnished by the aforesaid  surviving  corporation,  on request,  and without
cost, to any stockholder of each of the aforesaid constituent corporations.
Dated: April 21, 2003.


SANJAY HARYAMA                                HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.



By:                                           By:
      ----------------------------------        ----------------------------
      Jay Hand, President and Secretary             Gary F. McNear, CEO


                                       1
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
