<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>doc8.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


EXHIBIT 10.5
                               OPTION TO PURCHASE

         WHEREAS SunTrust Bank ("SUNTRUST") is a banking  institution  chartered
in the State of Georgia  and  registered  and  authorized  to do business in the
State of Florida.

         WHEREAS Hy-Tech Computer Systems,  Inc. f/k/a Datasys USA, Incorporated
("HY-TECH") is a corporation  organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Florida.  Until on or about September 1999, Hy-Tech was known as Datasys USA,
Incorporated.

         WHEREAS  on or  about  October  2,  1998,  Hy-Tech  and The  Huntington
National  Bank  entered  into  a  business  loan  agreement.  Attendant  to  and
contemplated by this business loan agreement were (1) a $1,000,000.00 promissory
note, (2) a commercial security agreement,  and (3) guaranties executed by Craig
W. Conklin ("CONKLIN"), Thomas Z. Frosceno, Sr. ("FROSCENO"), and Gary F. McNear
("MCNEAR").

         WHEREAS on or about August 6, 1999, Hy-Tech and The Huntington National
Bank entered into another business loan agreement. Attendant to and contemplated
by this business loan agreement were (1) a $4,000,000.00  promissory note, (2) a
commercial security agreement, and (3) guaranties executed by Conklin, Frosceno,
and McNear.

         WHEREAS on or about August 20, 1999,  Hy-Tech executed and delivered to
The  Huntington  National Bank, a $171,000.00  promissory  note and a commercial
security agreement. Additionally, on or about August 20, 1999, Conklin, Frosceno
and McNear executed their guaranties.

         WHEREAS  on or about  February  2002,  SunTrust  acquired  the  Florida
operations  of The  Huntington  National  Bank,  and,  among other  things,  was
assigned and received the  aforementioned  business loan  agreement,  promissory
notes, commercial security agreements and guaranties.  Accordingly,  SunTrust is
the owner and holder of the  promissory  notes and is  entitled  to enforce  the
business  loan  agreements,   commercial   security  agreements  and  guaranties
referenced above.


<PAGE>

         WHEREAS  on or  about  May 2,  2002,  SunTrust  and  Hy-Tech,  Conklin,
Frosceno, and McNear, entered into a forbearance agreement that provided,  among
other things, that SunTrust would forbear from enforcing its rights and remedies
under the August 6, 1999, business loan agreement,  promissory note,  commercial
security  agreement,  and guaranties until August 30, 2002, subject to Hy-Tech's
strict compliance with the terms and provisions of the forbearance agreement.

         WHEREAS on or about  August 30, 2002,  SunTrust  and Hy-Tech,  Conklin,
Frosceno, and McNear, entered into a second forbearance agreement that provided,
among other things,  that SunTrust  would forbear from  enforcing its rights and
remedies under the August 6, 1999,  business loan  agreement,  promissory  note,
commercial security  agreement,  and guaranties until December 31, 2002, subject
to  Hy-Tech's  strict  compliance  with the terms and  provisions  of the second
forbearance agreement.

         WHEREAS Hy-Tech failed to abide by the terms of the Second  Forbearance
Agreement,  by, among other things,  failing to make scheduled payments on loans
due in August, September, and October and failing to meet certain borrowing base
requirements.  By letters dated October 25, 2002, and October 28, 2002,  Hy-Tech
requested and Plaintiff  agreed to an interim  forbearance of certain  scheduled
payments due in November  and from meeting  borrowing  base  requirements  until
December 2, 2002.

         WHEREAS  Hy-Tech failed to make the its loan payments on the promissory
notes and failed to meet its borrowing base requirements by December 2, 2002, an
event  of  default  occurred  under  the  forbearance   agreement,   the  second
forbearance agreement, business loan agreements, commercial security agreements,
and  guaranties.  SunTrust  sent  formal  notice  thereof to  Hy-Tech,  Conklin,
Frosceno, and McNear.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         WHEREAS Hy-Tech, Conklin, Frosceno, and McNear, have failed to cure the
aforementioned defaults.

         WHEREAS on or about  December  20,  2002,  SunTrust  filed suit against
Hy-Tech,  Conklin,  Frosceno  and McNear in the Circuit  Court of the  Twentieth
Judicial  Circuit  In  and  For  Lee  County,   Florida,   bearing  case  number
02-13848-ca-WCM.

         WHEREAS on or about April 14, 2002, SunTrust obtained a judgment in the
amount of $3,965,968.10 against Hy-Tech,  Conklin and McNear, a copy of which is
attached hereto as EXHIBIT A.

         WHEREAS on or about April 14, 2002,  SunTrust  instituted the following
activities to collect its judgment:

         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; ASTI Corp. as garnishee;
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; Chips Computers, as garnishee;
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; CIT Group, Inc. as garnishee;
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; Accutech Computer, Inc. as garnishee;
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; Go Ahead Enterprises, LLC as garnishee;
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; Colonial Bank as garnishee;
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; Bank of America as garnishee; and
         Motion for Writ of Garnishment; Bill Branch Chevrolet as garnishee;

(collectively, the "GARNISHMENTS"). In addition, SunTrust has served depositions
in  aid of  execution  on its  judgment  against  shareholders  (or  spouses  or
beneficiaries  or  shareholders)  of  stock of  Hy-Test  or HYTT  (the  "INSIDER
DEPOSITIONS").

         WHEREAS on or about April 14,  2003,  SunTrust  Bank filed suit against
Hy-Tech  Technology  Group,  INC.("HYTT"),  Hy-Tech's  corporate  parent, in the
Circuit Court of the Twentieth Judicial Circuit In and For Lee County,  Florida,
bearing case number 03-1737-ca-JAS (the "HYTT LAWSUIT).  (Collectively, the HYTT


                                       3
<PAGE>

Lawsuit, the Garnishments and Insider Depositions shall be referred to herein as
the "POST-JUDGMENT ACTIONS").

         WHEREAS HYTT would like to acquire the Judgment and  SunTrust's  right,
title and interest in the promissory notes, business loan agreements, commercial
security agreements and guarantees  (collectively,  the "HY-TECH ASSETS") on the
terms and conditions set forth herein.

         WHEREAS  SunTrust is willing to sell the Hy-Tech  Assets to HYTT on the
terms and conditions set forth herein.

         WHEREAS in  connection  with the purchase of the Hy-Tech  Assets,  HYTT
wants SunTrust to forbear from pursuing the Post-Judgment  Actions, and SunTrust
is willing to do so under the terms and conditions set forth herein.

         NOW THEREFORE

         1. SunTrust is willing to sell, and HYTT is willing to buy, the Hy-Tech
Assets for One  Million  Five  Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($1,500,000.00)  (the
"PURCHASE PRICE") as set forth herein:

         A. HYTT shall deliver to SunTrust by wire transfer,  no later than 4:00
p.m.  E.D.T.  on  Friday,  April  25,  2003,  the  sum  of One  Million  Dollars
($1,000,000.00), and payments of $65,000.00 on June 02, 2003, $65,000.00 on July
01, 2003, and $65,000.00 on August 01, 2003.  These payments shall  constitute a
non-refundable  purchase of an option to  purchase  the  Hy-Tech  Assets.  These
payments  shall be considered  part of the Purchase  Price provided HYTT deliver
the balance of the Purchase Price to SunTrust by the earlier of (1) within three
business days of the date a registration  statement is declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission for HYTT or (2) August 29, 2003 (the "OUTSIDE

                                       4
<PAGE>

CLOSING  DATE").  Should HYTT have failed to deliver the balance of the Purchase
Price by the Outside Closing Date, this option will have lapsed.

         B. At any time before the Outside Closing Date, HYTT shall elect to pay
the balance of the Purchase Price and close the Hy-Tech Asset assignment.  To do
so, HYTT shall give SunTrust not less than three  business  days' written notice
of its  election to close.  The notice shall be given to William S. Krueger Vice
President,  Special Assets  Department  SunTrust Bank,  Tampa Bay Mail Code FL -
Tampa 4104 401 E. Jackson Street, 10th Floor Post Office Box 3303 Tampa, Florida
33601-3303

         with a copy to:

         Philip V. Martino
         Piper Rudnick LLP
         101 East Kennedy Boulevard, Suite 2000
         Tampa, Florida 33602
         philip.martino@piperrudnick.com

         C. Upon receipt of the balance of the Purchase  Price,  SunTrust  shall
deliver to HYTT an assignment of the Hy-Tech Assets with no  representation  and
warranties other than ownership, authority to transfer and lack of encumbrances.

         D. The Hy-Tech  Asset  assignment  closing  shall  occur at  SunTrust's
counsel's  office in Tampa,  Florida or at such other  location  as is  mutually
agreed.

         2. HYTT  agrees to ensure  that : (a) HY-Tech  Eligible  Inventory  and
HY-Tech  Eligible  Accounts  Receivable  (both as  defined  in the May 2,  2002,
Forbearance  Agreement)  aggregate at least Two Million Dollars  ($2,00,000.00),
and (b) Sun-Trust continues to receive written certification (no later than 4:00
p.m. E.D.T.  beginning on April 25, 2003 and continuing  each Friday  thereafter

                                       5
<PAGE>

for the remaining term of this  agreement) of Hy-Tech's  Eligible  Inventory and
Accounts  Receivable.  Should  Sun-Trust not receive written  certification,  or
should Hy-Tech's  Eligible  Inventory and Accounts  Receivable be less then $2.0
million,  SunTrust  shall be entitled to give notice by fax or e-mail to HYTT of
the defect and, if SunTrust  does not (i) receive  written  confirmation  by the
close of the third business day after notice is sent that Eligible Inventory and
Accounts  Receivable  are at least $2.0 million,  OR (ii) receive the balance of
the Purchase  Price by the close of the third business day after notice is sent,
then this  Option  Agreement  and HYTT's  right to purchase  the Hy-Tech  Assets
hereunder are immediately and irrevocably  terminated without further notice.

         3. Notwithstanding  anything else in this document to the contrary,  if
Hy-Tech or HYTT files for protection  under federal  bankruptcy law, or an order
for relief is entered in any  involuntary  bankruptcy  filed against  Hy-Tech or
HYTT, or Hy-Tech or HYTT  executes an  assignment  for the benefit of creditors,
then this  Option  Agreement  and HYTT's  right to purchase  the Hy-Tech  Assets
hereunder are  immediately  and  irrevocably  terminated  without further notice
UNLESS  HYTT  closes on the sale of the  Hy-Tech  Assets not more than three (3)
business  days from the date Hy-Tech files  bankruptcy,  has an order for relief
entered  against it, or executes an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

         4.  Upon  receipt  of,  and in  return  for,  the  one  million  dollar
($1,000,000.00) payment referenced in paragraph 1(A) above, SunTrust agrees that
it  shall  dismiss  WITHOUT  PREJUDICE  the  HYTT  Lawsuit,  shall  release  the
Garnishments  that have been  served  and shall not serve any  Garnishments  not
already served,  and shall continue the Insider  Depositions for so long as this
Option  Agreement and HYTT's rights to purchase the Hy-Tech Assets hereunder has
not  been  terminated


                                       6
<PAGE>

         5. Time is of the  essence in  performing  all of the  obligations  set
forth herein.

HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.          SUNTRUST BANK



By:                                      By:
   -----------------------------            ---------------------------------
Print Name:                                     William S. Krueger
           ---------------------
Its:                                          Vice President, Special Assets
    ----------------------------
Dated: April ___, 2003                   Dated:   April ___, 2003


                                       7
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
