<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MASTER  SERVICES  AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

Exhibit  10.1:  Master  Services  Agreement,  dated  August 4, 2005, between NS8
Corporation  and  SAVVIS  Communications  Corporation

MASTER  SERVICES  AGREEMENT

     THIS  MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT, together with all Service Addenda, Service
Order(s)  and exhibits attached hereto and incorporated herein from time to time
(collectively,  "Agreement"),  is  entered  into  this  _____  day  of  _____,
("Effective  Date")  by  and  between  the  SAVVIS  Communications  Corporation
("SAVVIS")  and  NS8  Corporation  ("Customer").

1.     Services;  Additional  Services;  Service  Level  Agreement.

A.     Services;  Service Level Agreement.  SAVVIS, through itself and/or any of
its  affiliates,  agrees  to  provide  Customer  the  services  ("Service"  or
"Service(s)")  in  accordance  with  this  Agreement.  For  purposes  of  this
Agreement,  "Service  Addendum" shall refer to the specific terms and conditions
and  any  applicable  service  level  agreement  ("SLA")  attached  thereto  and
incorporated  herein,  that  applies  to  the  Service(s) purchased by Customer.
"Service  Order" shall collectively refer to any service order(s), authorization
form(s)  or  order  form(s)  that  describes  and sets forth the pricing for the
Service(s)  purchased  by  Customer. Service Orders shall be effective as of the
date  of acceptance by SAVVIS. SAVVIS reserves the right to accept or reject any
Service  Order.  The  parties acknowledge that SAVVIS' obligation to provide the
Service(s)  is  subject to its having obtained all of the requisite licenses and
consents  related  thereto.

B.     Additional  Services.  From  time  to time, Customer may order additional
Service(s)  by  executing a Service Order, and, if necessary a Service Addendum.
In  addition,  any  service requested by Customer and performed by SAVVIS beyond
that  explicitly described in the applicable Service Addenda or Service Order(s)
shall  be  at  an  additional cost, and Customer shall reimburse SAVVIS for such
additional  costs  incurred.  The  rates  and  description  for  such additional
services,  if  any, are attached to the applicable Service Addendum, or shall be
mutually  agreed  upon  by  the  parties  in  a  separate  agreement.

2.     Term.  The term of the Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall  continue  thereafter  until  the  expiration of the last expiring Service
term,  as  contained  in  the  Service Addendum or Service Order, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with this Agreement ("Agreement Term"). SAVVIS reserves
the  right  to  change its rates or the SLA during any Service's renewal term by
notifying Customer at least ninety (90) days in advance of the effective date of
such  rate  or  SLA  change.

3.     Billing;  Payment;  Deposit;  Business  Downturn.

A.     Billing.  Billing  for  each  Service  shall  commence  on  the  Billing
Commencement  Date  or  Service  Commencement Date, as defined in the applicable
Service  Addendum.  In  the event SAVVIS is unable to deliver the Service(s) due
to  any  reason,  issue  or  delay  caused  either directly or indirectly by the
Customer  or  its  agents,  such Service(s) shall be deemed delivered and SAVVIS
shall commence billing when SAVVIS is ready to deliver such Service(s). Customer
will  be invoiced monthly for all amounts due and owing to SAVVIS.  All invoices
shall  be deemed final and binding unless Customer notifies SAVVIS in writing of
any  alleged  discrepancies  no later than sixty (60) days from the date of such
invoice(s).

B.     Payment.  All  payments are due within thirty (30) days after the date of
the  invoice(s)  without  set-off  or demand ("Due Date").  The charges and fees
under  this  Agreement are exclusive of any national, state, municipal, or other
governmental  excise,  sales, value-added and occupational taxes and other fees,
surcharges  and  levies,  third party installation charges, and/or Inside Wiring
Pass Thrus, all of which Customer shall be responsible for and will pay in full.
Customer will be deemed to be in default hereunder if payment is not received by
the  Due Date and, in addition to its other remedies, SAVVIS may charge Customer
interest  equal  to  1/2%  per  month  on  any  amount(s)  past  due.


<PAGE>
C.     Deposit.  The  provision of Service(s) under this Agreement is contingent
upon  SAVVIS'  initial  and continuing credit approval of Customer.  At any time
during the Agreement Term, SAVVIS may require a deposit or other acceptable form
of  security  if  it reasonably deems itself insecure with respect to Customer's
ability  to  pay.  In addition to its termination rights under Section 6 of this
Agreement, SAVVIS may, immediately and without notice, suspend the Service(s) if
Customer  fails to comply with these security obligations.  During any period of
suspension,  no  service  interruption  shall  be  deemed  to  occur.

D.     Business  Downturn.  In  the  event  that  a  business  downturn  beyond
Customer's  reasonable  control  significantly  reduces  the  size  or  scope of
Customer's  operations  and  the  volume  of  Services  required  by  Customer
(notwithstanding  Customer's  best efforts to avoid such a downturn), SAVVIS and
Customer  will  cooperate in efforts to develop a mutually agreeable alternative
proposal  that  will  address  the  concerns of both parties and comply with all
applicable  legal  and  regulatory  requirements  and  restrictions.  By  way of
example  and  not  limitation,  such alternative proposal may include changes in
discounts,  credits,  revenue  and/or  volume  commitments,  the term, and other
provisions.  This  provision  shall  not  apply  to  a  change  resulting from a
decision  by  Customer  to:  (i)  reduce  its  overall use of telecommunications
services  except  as  result  of  business  downturn:  (ii)  alter  its
telecommunications  network  architecture except as result of business downturn;
or  (iii) transfer portions of its traffic or projected growth to carriers other
than  SAVVIS.  Customer  must  give  SAVVIS  immediate  written  notice  of  the
conditions  it  believes  will require application of this provision and may not
invoke  it  more  than  one  (1)  time during the Term.  This provision does not
constitute a waiver of any charges, including underutilization charges, incurred
by  Customer  prior  to  the time the parties mutually agree to amend or replace
this  Agreement.  If,  after  negotiating  in  good  faith,  the  parties do not
mutually  agree  on  an  alternative  proposal, all terms and conditions of this
Agreement  shall  remain  in  full  force  and  effect.

4.     Compliance  with  Laws  and  Acceptable  Use.

A.     SAVVIS'  network  and  Service(s) may only be used in accordance with the
Agreement.  Customer  and  its  customers and end-users will comply at all times
with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations, SAVVIS' operating procedures, and
SAVVIS'  Acceptable  Use  Policy  located  on  its  website  at
http://www.savvis.net/company/profile/aup.html  and  incorporated  herein  by
reference  ("AUP").  Customer  or  any  other entity or person shall not use the
Service(s)  or  SAVVIS'  network  in  a  fraudulent  manner  or in a manner that
violates  the  AUP  or  any  applicable  law or regulation, or otherwise exposes
SAVVIS to legal liability, whether or not this use is authorized or consented to
by  Customer  (each  such  circumstance,  "Service  Misuse").

B.     Customer  acknowledges  that  SAVVIS exercises no control whatsoever over
the  content  (any  and  all  content of Customer or Customer's end users and/or
customers,  including  but  not  limited  to data, text, multimedia images (e.g.
graphics, audio and video files), software, applications, or other materials, or
any  content  shared  or  processed  on equipment under the control of SAVVIS on
behalf  of  Customer  (collectively  "Content")),  and  that  it  is  the  sole
responsibility  of  Customer  to ensure that the information and Content  it and
its  end-users  and/or customers transmit, receive, or use complies with the AUP
and  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations.

C.     In  addition  to any other remedies available at law or in equity, SAVVIS
may  immediately  and without notice suspend or block access to a Service or all
Services  (each  such  circumstance,  a  "Service  Suspension")  and/or restrict
Customer's access to the Internet Data Center(s), if deemed reasonably necessary
by  SAVVIS to prevent any harm to SAVVIS, its employees and its business for any
of  the  following reasons: (a) to comply with any law, regulation, court order,
or  other  governmental  request  or  order  requiring  immediate action; (b) to
prevent  interference with, damage to, or degradation of SAVVIS' network; (c) to
eliminate  a  hazardous  condition;  (d)  if  required by SAVVIS' vendor; or (e)
Service  Misuse.  Customer  shall  not  be  relieved  of its payment obligations
hereunder  during  any  period  of  Service  Suspension.

D.     Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary contained in this Agreement,
SAVVIS  reserves the right to immediately terminate the Services or Agreement in
the  event  that SAVVIS becomes aware that Customer, or other persons making use
of  Customer's  Services  are  in  breach  of  this  Section.

5.     DISCLAIMERS  OF  WARRANTY.

A.     THE  SERVICE(S)  ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND SAVVIS MAKES
NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE SERVICE(S), SOFTWARE
OR  EQUIPMENT  OR  ANY  RESULTS  TO  BE  ACHIEVED THROUGH USE OF THE SERVICE(S),
SOFTWARE  OR  EQUIPMENT.  SAVVIS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE
WILL  BE  COMPATIBLE  WITH  ANY  EQUIPMENT  OR SOFTWARE NOT FURNISHED BY SAVVIS.
SAVVIS  DISCLAIMS  ALL  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY,
QUALITY,  FITNESS  FOR  A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT AND TITLE, AND ALL


<PAGE>
IMPLIED  WARRANTIES  ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.
SAVVIS  SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR QUALITY OF
INFORMATION  OBTAINED  THROUGH ITS SERVICE(S), THE USE OF WHICH IS AT CUSTOMER'S
OWN  RISK.

B.     CUSTOMER'S  SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IN THE EVENT OF ANY SERVICE OUTAGE,
INTERRUPTION  OR DEFICIENCY OF SERVICE(S) OR FAILURE BY SAVVIS TO MEET THE TERMS
OF  AN  APPLICABLE SLA, SHALL BE THE REMEDIES PROVIDED IN THE SLA; PROVIDED THAT
ANY  REMEDIES  OR  CREDITS  CONTAINED  IN THE SLA ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR OUTAGES,
INTERRUPTIONS  OR  DEFICIENCIES  OCCURRING DURING ANY PERIOD IN WHICH CUSTOMER'S
ACCOUNT  HAS  A  PAST  DUE BALANCE OR THE CUSTOMER IS OTHERWISE IN BREACH OF THE
AGREEMENT.  SAVVIS,  ITS  SERVICE  PROVIDERS  AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL
OTHER LIABILITIES OR REMEDIES FOR SUCH OUTAGES, INTERRUPTIONS OR DEFICIENCIES OF
SERVICE.

C.     SAVVIS DOES NOT AND CANNOT CONTROL THE PERFORMANCE OF ANY DATA, PRODUCTS,
OR  SERVICE(S)  CONTROLLED  OR  PROVIDED  BY  THIRD  PARTIES. AT TIMES ACTION OR
INACTION  BY  THIRD  PARTIES  CAN  IMPAIR OR DISRUPT SAVVIS' SERVICE(S).  SAVVIS
MAKES  NO  REPRESENTATIONS  AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING THE
DATA,  PRODUCTS,  OR  SERVICE(S)  CONTROLLED  BY  ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING THE
PROVIDERS  OF  TELECOMMUNICATIONS  OR  NETWORK PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.  SUCH DATA,
PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE NOT PROMISED TO BE FREE OF ERROR OR INTERRUPTION, AND
SAVVIS,  ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITIES
ARISING  FROM  ANY  SUCH  ERROR,  INTERRUPTION,  OR  OTHER  FAILURE.  CUSTOMER
ACKNOWLEDGES  THAT AN INTERRUPTION IN SERVICE(S) DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND THE
REASONABLE CONTROL OF SAVVIS, SUCH AS A FAILURE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS OR NETWORK
SYSTEMS  NOT CONTROLLED BY SAVVIS, SHALL BE CONSIDERED A FORCE MAJEURE HEREUNDER
AND  NOT  A  SERVICE  OUTAGE  OR  SERVICE  DEFICIENCY FOR PURPOSES OF ANY REMEDY
PROVIDED  IN  AN  APPLICABLE SLA.  FURTHER, SAVVIS DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY,
WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY FOR DELAY, INTERRUPTION OR INEFFICIENCY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
CUSTOMER'S  HARDWARE,  SOFTWARE  OR  ANY  THIRD  PARTY  SERVICE  PROVIDER.

6.     Default.

A.     Termination  by  SAVVIS.  SAVVIS  may  terminate  this  Agreement without
liability,  immediately upon notice upon Default by Customer.  Default means (a)
the  failure  by  Customer  to  (i)  pay  any amounts when due; (ii) comply with
Section 4 Compliance with Laws and Acceptable Use; or (iii) perform any material
obligation under this Agreement which failure is not remedied within thirty (30)
days after receipt of written notice from SAVVIS (unless a shorter notice period
is expressly set forth in the Agreement, in which case the shorter notice period
shall  apply);  or  (b)  Insolvency  (as  hereinafter defined).  As used herein,
"Insolvency" shall refer to any one of the following events:  (i) Customer files
a  voluntary  petition in bankruptcy or an involuntary petition is filed against
Customer; (ii) Customer is adjudged bankrupt; (iii) a court assumes jurisdiction
of  the  assets  of Customer under federal reorganization act; (iv) a trustee or
receiver  is appointed by a court for all or a substantial portion of the assets
of  Customer;  (v)  Customer  becomes  insolvent  or  suspends business; or (vi)
Customer  makes  an  assignment  of its assets for the benefit of its creditors.
Termination  by  SAVVIS shall not preclude SAVVIS from pursuing any other rights
or  remedies  available  to  it  at  law  or  in  equity.

B.     Cancellation  and  Early  Termination Charges.  (i) Pre-Delivery.  In the
event  Customer terminates a Service prior to the delivery of or deemed delivery
of  such  Service, Customer shall owe SAVVIS a pre-delivery cancellation fee, if
any,  as  set forth in the applicable Service Addendum and all third party costs
and  fees.    (ii)  Post  Delivery.  If after the delivery of or deemed delivery
of  such  Service  by  SAVVIS,  SAVVIS  terminates  this  Agreement for Customer
Default,  or  Customer terminates this Agreement for convenience, Customer shall
be liable and shall pay to SAVVIS, at SAVVIS sole option, and within thirty (30)
days  of  such  termination,  (a)  the  termination  charges  set  forth  in the
applicable  Service  Addendum,  or (b) all of the following shall be immediately
due  and  payable  by  Customer:  (y) the cumulative total of the balance of all
monthly  charges  remaining  on this Agreement through the end of the applicable
Service  Term(s);  plus  (z)  any charges accrued but unpaid as of the effective
date of termination.  Customer acknowledges that the amounts payable pursuant to
this  Section  6(B)  are  equitable  compensation  to SAVVIS and are intended to
reasonably  compensate  SAVVIS for the losses which are occasioned by Customer's
failure  to  honor  Customer's  obligations  hereunder.  In  the  event Customer
terminates  for  convenience,  SAAVIS  acknowledges  and agrees that the amounts
payable  by  Customer  to  SAAVIS pursuant to this Section 6(B) are the full and
only  amounts  of  compensation  payable  to  SAVVIS.

7.     Maintenance.  Routine  maintenance and periodic system repairs, upgrades,
and  reconfigurations  may result in the temporary impairment or interruption in
Service(s).  As  a result, SAVVIS does not guarantee continuous or uninterrupted
Service(s)  and  reserves  the  right from time to time to temporarily reduce or
suspend  Service(s); provided, however that SAVVIS will attempt to give Customer
advance  notice  of  any  such  impairment  or interruption in Service(s) to the
extent  reasonably  practicable  under  the  circumstances.


<PAGE>
8.     Indemnification.  Customer  shall  indemnify, defend and hold SAVVIS, its
affiliates, officers, directors, licensees, licensers, and vendors harmless from
any and all claims, losses, damages and expenses, including, without limitation,
reasonable  attorney's  fees  and  court  costs,  or liabilities arising from or
related  to:  (i)  Service  Misuse or a violation of any other provision of this
Agreement;  (ii) any claim of infringement of any intellectual property or other
proprietary  interest  resulting  from  the possession or use of any Service(s),
software  or  equipment;  (iii)  the  Content;  (iv)  any  acts  or omissions of
Customer,  its  employees,  agents,  contractors, invitees, licensees, visitors,
and/or  customer/end-users;  and/or  (v)  any  injury  or  damage to the person,
property,  or  business of SAVVIS, its employees, agents, contractors, invitees,
licensees,  visitors,  and/or  customer(s)/end-user(s).  SAVVIS shall indemnify,
defend  and  hold Customer its officers, directors,  and employees harmless from
any and all claims, losses, damages and expenses, including, without limitation,
reasonable  attorney's  fees  and  court  costs,  or liabilities arising from or
related to any third party claim of infringement of any U.S. patent or copyright
resulting  from  the  software  or  equipment  supplied or otherwise provided by
SAVVIS  as  part  of  the  Services.

9.       Governing Law.  This Agreement shall not become a binding obligation of
SAVVIS  until  it  has been executed by an officer of SAVVIS.  The parties agree
that any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in  accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, except for its principals
for  resolving  conflicts  of  law.  The parties agree that any disputes arising
under  this  Agreement  shall  be resolved in the state or federal courts of the
State  of  Missouri.

10.     Assignment.  Neither  party  may  assign  this  Agreement or any portion
hereof  without the other party's prior written consent, which consent shall not
be  unreasonably  withheld.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  either  party may
assign  this  Agreement  or  a  portion thereof: (i) in the event of a merger in
which  the party is not the surviving entity; (ii) in the event of a sale of all
or  substantially  all  of  its  assets; or (iii) to any party that controls, is
controlled  by  or  is  in common control with such party; provided that, in the
event  of  an  assignment  by Customer pursuant to (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the
assignee  must  have  at  least  the  same  level  of  financial, managerial and
technical  capabilities  as  Customer,  as  determined  by  SAVVIS  in  its sole
discretion.  Subject  to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure  to  the  benefit  of  the  parties  hereto and their respective permitted
successors  and  assigns.

11.     Limitation  on  Liability.

A.     IN NO EVENT SHALL SAVVIS, ITS AFFILIATES, SERVICE PROVIDERS, SUPPLIERS OR
AGENTS  BE  LIABLE  TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST OR IMPUTED PROFITS OR
REVENUES, LOST DATA OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES RESULTING FROM
DELAYS,  NONDELIVERIES,  MISDELIVERIES  OR SERVICE INTERRUPTION, HOWEVER CAUSED,
ARISING  FROM  OR RELATED TO THE SERVICE(S) OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE
LEGAL THEORY UNDER WHICH SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED, WHETHER BREACH OF WARRANTY,
INDEMNIFICATION,  NEGLIGENCE,  STRICT  LIABILITY  OR  OTHERWISE,  AND  WHETHER
LIABILITY  IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER
SAVVIS  HAS  BEEN  ADVISED  OF  THE  POSSIBILITY  OF ANY SUCH LIABILITY, LOSS OR
DAMAGE.  NOTWITHSTANDING  THE  FOREGOING  PROVISIONS  OF  THIS  SECTION,  THE
INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS IN FAVOR OF THE CUSTOMER SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 SHALL
NOT  BE  LIMITED  BY  THE  PROVISIONS  OF  THIS  SECTION.

B.     THE  TOTAL  AGGREGATE  LIABILITY  OF SAVVIS AND ITS SUPPLIERS TO CUSTOMER
AND/OR  ANY  THIRD  PARTY  IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO
DIRECT  DAMAGES  PROVEN BY CUSTOMER; SUCH DIRECT DAMAGES NOT TO EXCEED AN AMOUNT
EQUAL  TO  THE  TOTAL  NET  PAYMENTS RECEIVED BY SAVVIS FOR THE AFFECTED SERVICE
WHICH  GIVES  RISE  TO  SUCH  LIABILITY  IN  THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY
PRECEDING THE DATE IN WHICH THE CLAIM ARISES.  SECTION 8 SHALL NOT BE LIMITED BY
THE  PROVISIONS  OF  THIS  SECTION.

C.     For  certain  Service(s),  SAVVIS  licenses  certain  software from third
parties  for  use  with  such  Service(s).  The  liability  of  such third party
suppliers  for  damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive
or  consequential  arising  from  use  of  the  software  and hardware, shall be
disclaimed  and  limited  to  the  maximum  extent  permitted  by  law.

D.     Customer  acknowledges and agrees that in no event shall SAVVIS be liable
for  any  damages,  whether  in contract or tort, including, but not limited to,
direct,  consequential  (including  without limitation loss of profits), cost of
substitute  goods,  special, exemplary, incidental and indirect damages, arising
out  of  compliance or reasonable attempts to: (i) comply with the United States
Copyright  Act,  or  (ii)  satisfy  requirements to qualify for the safe harbors
designated in Section 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act including, but
not  limited  to any actions by SAVVIS that result in a disruption or suspension
of  the  Service(s).


<PAGE>
E.     The  parties  acknowledge that the limitations referenced in this Section
are material terms to this Agreement.  Customer acknowledges that SAVVIS has set
its  prices,  and  other  charges  in  reliance  on the foregoing limitations of
liability,  which  form  an  essential basis of the bargain between the parties.

12.     Confidential  Information.

A.     Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  this  Agreement, neither party shall
disclose  any  of  the terms and conditions of this Agreement nor any non-public
information  received  by  the  other  party  (collectively  "Confidential
Information")  without  the  prior  written  consent  of the other party hereto.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing, each party may disclose Confidential Information
to  any  consultants, contractors, and counsels who have a need to know and have
executed  a  reasonably  protective non-disclosure agreement with the disclosing
party.  Further  notwithstanding, if the Confidential Information is required to
be  disclosed  by  law  or  a  court,  governmental or administrative order, the
receiving party may disclose the Confidential Information but only to the extent
such disclosure is required by such law or court, governmental or administrative
order  and further provided that prior notice of such disclosure is given to the
other  Party,  unless  legally  prohibited.

B.     The  provisions  of  this  Section  12 shall not apply to any information
which: (a) is or becomes public knowledge other than by breach of this Agreement
by  the receiving party; (b) is in the possession of the receiving party without
restriction  in  relation  to  disclosure  before  the  date of receipt from the
disclosing party; (c) is received by either party from a third party not under a
duty  of  confidence;  (d)  is  independently  developed  by the receiving party
without  use  of  the  Confidential  Information.

C.     In  the  event  the  receiving party commits a breach of, or threatens to
commit  a  breach of, this Section 12, the disclosing party shall have the right
to  seek  and  obtain  all  judicial  relief  (including,  but  not  limited to,
injunctive  or  other  equitable  relief,  and  monetary  damages,  interest and
attorney's fees and expenses) as may be finally ordered or awarded by a court of
competent  jurisdiction.

13.     Modification.  This  Agreement  may  be  modified  only  by  a  written
instrument  executed  by  both  parties.

14.     Notices.  Any  notice required to be given hereunder shall be in writing
and  shall  be  deemed  to  have  been delivered when (i) sent by facsimile, and
electronically  confirmed,  (ii) deposited in the United States mail (registered
or  certified mail), return receipt requested, with adequate postage affixed, or
(iii)  delivered  to  a  national overnight courier service and addressed to the
persons  set  forth  herein.  Notice for monetary default may be sent by e-mail,
facsimile,  or  other  written  format.

To  SAVVIS:
General notices:                        with a copy to:
SAVVIS  Communications  Corporation     SAVVIS  Communications  Corporation
12851  Worldgate  Drive                 1  SAVVIS  Parkway
Herndon,  Virginia,  USA  20170         Town  &  Country,  MO,  USA  63017
Attn:  Legal  Department                Attn:  Vice  President  of  Billing

For  allcancellation/disconnection, upgrades, or  termination  notices:
SAVVIS  Communications  Corporation
12851  Worldgate  Drive
Herndon,  Virginia,  USA  20170
Attn:  Client  Solutions

To  Customer:
NS8  Corporation                        with  a  copy  to:
One  Union  Square                      NS8  Corporation
600 University Street, Suite 1525       200 - 1311 Howe Street
Seattle,  Washington,  USA  98101       Vancouver,  British Columbia,  V6Z  2P3
Attn:  Sales  Department                Attn:  Legal  Department

15.     Force  Majeure.   Except  for  the  obligation  to  make  payments  for
Service(s)  rendered,  neither  party will be liable for any failure or delay in
its  performance  under  this  Agreement  due to any cause beyond its reasonable
control,  including  but  not  limited to, acts of war, acts of God, earthquake,
flood,  embargo,  riot, sabotage, labor shortage or dispute, acts of government,
failure  of  the  Internet, terrorist acts, failure of third party(ies), utility
power  failure,  or  failure  of  communication  lines.

16.     Severability.     In  the event any portion of this Agreement is held to
be  unenforceable,  the  unenforceable  portion shall be construed in accordance
with  applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of
the  parties, and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and
effect.


<PAGE>
17.     Waiver.       SAVVIS'  failure  to  insist  upon  or  to  enforce strict
performance  of  any  provision  of  this  Agreement shall not be construed as a
waiver of any provision or right.  Neither the course of conduct between parties
nor  trade  practice  shall  act  to  modify  any  provision  of this Agreement.

18.     Monitoring.  SAVVIS  reserves  the  right to monitor Customer's activity
for  internal network utilization and reliability purposes.  SAVVIS' utilization
and  reliability monitoring does not include examination of Customer data unless
(i)  such  examination is deemed necessary to troubleshoot a Customer issue, and
the  Customer consents to such examination; or (ii) such examination is pursuant
to  any judicial order, search warrant, or statutory requirement, in which event
SAVVIS shall provide notice thereof to Customer, to the extent that the judicial
order,  search  warrant,  or  statutory  requirement  permits  said notice.  Any
monitoring  by  SAVVIS  is subject to the confidentiality provision set forth in
this  Agreement.

19.     Insurance.  Customer shall keep in full force and effect during the term
of  this Agreement  commercial general liability insurance in an amount not less
than  $2  million per occurrence with a $2 million aggregate covering claims for
bodily  injury,  death,  personal  injury  or  property  damage.  The  liability
insurance  limits  required  herein  may  be obtained through any combination of
primary  and  excess or umbrella liability insurance.  Customer will (i) deliver
to  SAVVIS  certificates  of  insurance  which  evidence  the  minimum levels of
insurance  set  forth  above  and  provide  not less than thirty (30) days prior
written notice of cancellation to any herein required policy, and (ii) cause its
liability  insurance  provider(s) to name SAVVIS as an additional insured as its
interest  may  appear  with  respect  to  the  Agreement.

20.     Miscellaneous.

A.     In  the  event  SAVVIS  or  the local access provider needs to access the
Customer site to maintain or repair or otherwise effect the Service(s), Customer
shall  cooperate  in a timely manner and provide access to the Customer site and
assist  SAVVIS  or the local access provider to affect such maintenance.  In the
event  Customer  does  not  provide, in a timely manner, the required assistance
and/or  access,  SAVVIS  may  immediately  terminate  the  Agreement  or suspend
Service(s)  without  liability  or further obligation, and Customer shall not be
entitled  to  any  remedies  under  the  SLA  for the timeframe during which the
required  assistance  and/or  access  is  not  provided.  SAVVIS  shall,  when
reasonably  practicable  under  the  circumstances,  give  advance notice to the
Customer  when  it  anticipates  that  it  is  required to provide access to the
Customer  site.

B.     SAVVIS  reserves  the  right  to  terminate the Agreement or any affected
Service Addendum without liability or further obligation upon notice to Customer
in  the  event that (i) SAVVIS cannot maintain, despite reasonable efforts to do
so,  its  regulatory  approval  necessary to provide the Service(s) and/or enter
into  this  Agreement; and (ii) SAVVIS' underlying vendor is unable or unwilling
to  provide  some  or all of the Service(s) required for SAVVIS to continue this
Agreement.  To the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, SAVVIS
shall  give  advance  notice  to  the  Customer  when  it anticipates that it is
required  to  terminate  the  Agreement or any affected Service Addendum for the
reasons  set  forth  in  this  paragraph.
C.     Any  cause  of  action  Customer  may have with respect to the Service(s)
shall  be  barred  unless  it  is  commenced  within eighteen (18) months of the
earlier  of  (i)  the  effective  date  of  expiration  or  termination  of this
Agreement;  or  (ii)  the  date  after  the  claim  or  cause  of action arises.

D.     All  provisions  in this Agreement, which by their nature are intended to
survive expiration or termination shall survive any expiration or termination of
this  Agreement.

E.     SAVVIS reserves the right to reject any handwritten or typed modification
to  this  Agreement, any Service Addendum or Service Order which is not mutually
agreed  to  in  writing.

21.     Third  Party  Beneficiaries.  The terms, representations, warranties (if
any)  and agreements of the parties set forth in this Agreement are not intended
for,  nor  shall  they be for the benefit of or enforceable by, any third party,
including  without  limitation,  Customer's  end  users.

22.     Conflicts.  In  the  event  of  a conflict between or among the terms in
this  Agreement,  the  Service  Order(s),  the  Service  Addenda,  and any other
document  made a part hereof, the documents shall control in the following order
unless otherwise specifically set forth in a Service Addendum: the Service Order
with  the  latest  date,  the  AUP,  the  Service  Addendum,  this  Agreement.

23.     Publicity.   Customer  shall  not use, in advertising or publicity or in
any  way  related  to  this  Agreement or the subject matter hereof, the name of
SAVVIS,  its  affiliates or any of its directors, officers, managers, employees,
consultants or agents or any trade name, trademark, service mark, logo or symbol
of  SAVVIS  or  its affiliates, except with the express prior written consent of


<PAGE>
SAVVIS,  such  consent  not  to be unreasonably withheld. SAVVIS may disclose as
part  of  its promotional activities the fact that Customer is obtaining Service
from  SAVVIS.

24.     Entirety.  This  Agreement  contains the entire agreement of the parties
hereto with respect to the matters covered hereby and supersedes any other prior
or  simultaneous  agreement  related  to  such  matters.

SAVVIS  Communications  Corporation          NS8  Corporation

By:   /s/ James Mori                         By: /s/ Emma Steinberg
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------

Print  Name:  James Mori                     Print  Name: Emma Steinberg
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------

Title: EVF, General Manager of the Americas  Title: VP, Telco Sales
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------

Date:  Sep 23, 2005                          Date: August 4, 2005
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------


<PAGE>
                        SAVVIS Hosting Service Addendum

This  Hosting  Service Addendum ("Service Addendum") by and between Customer and
SAVVIS  shall  modify  the  Master  Services  Agreement  between  the parties in
accordance  with  the  terms and conditions provided for herein.  Except for the
modifications  provided  for herein, all the terms of the Agreement shall remain
unchanged.  All  capitalized  terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as
set  forth  in  the  Agreement.

1.     Services.  SAVVIS  owns or has a leasehold interest in certain commercial
buildings  throughout  the  United  States and internationally (the "Premises"),
which  are  suitable  for  the  placement  and  operation  of telecommunications
equipment.  Customer  may  provide  or  purchase  from  SAVVIS  certain
telecommunications  and  computer  equipment and cabling (the "Customer Provided
Equipment").  SAVVIS  may  provide  or  purchase  for  Customer  certain
telecommunications  and  computer  equipment  and  cabling (the "SAVVIS Provided
Equipment").  SAVVIS  Provided  Equipment,  combined  with  Customer  Provided
Equipment, certain bandwidth (the "Connection"), and additional services such as
server  monitoring,  backup  services,  reporting  services,  SAN services, load
balancing  services,  security  service and system administration services shall
comprise  the  "Service" for Hosting or "Hosting Service".  SAVVIS shall provide
Customer  with  Hosting  Service  in  accordance  with the specifications on the
Service  Order.

A.     Customer  Provided  Equipment  and  SAVVIS  Provided  Equipment  shall be
utilized  only  for  interconnection  to  the  network  services  of  SAVVIS.

B.     SAVVIS  shall  perform services that support the overall operation of the
Premises  (e.g.,  janitorial  services,  environmental  systems maintenance, and
power  plant  maintenance)  at  no  additional  charge  to  Customer.

C.     Customer  shall  not have the right to physically access the Premises for
any  reason,  unless  such  access  is  approved  in  writing  by  SAVVIS.

D.     Customer  acknowledges  that  it is receiving Hosting Service only and is
not  entitled  to  occupy  the  Premises  and  shall not use the SAVVIS Provided
Equipment,  other  than  as  provided  herein.   Further,  Customer has not been
granted any property interests in the Premises or the SAVVIS Provided Equipment.
Customer  Provided  Equipment  shall  not  be  deemed  or become fixtures in the
Premises.

2.     Term.  The  initial term for each Hosting Service shall have a term which
shall  be the greater of one (1) year or the term set forth in the Service Order
for  such  Hosting  Service  which term shall commence from the date that SAVVIS
notifies  Customer  that  it  has  installed  and activated such Hosting Service
("Service  Initial  Term").  Such  notification  by  SAVVIS  may  be  by e-mail,
facsimile,  or  other  written format.  Each Hosting Service shall automatically
renew for successive periods equal to the Service Initial Term unless terminated
by  either  party  at  least thirty (30) days prior to the then current date for
termination.

A.     Upon termination or expiration of the Service Initial Term or renewal
term,  as  the case may be, SAVVIS shall remove the Customer Provided Equipment.
In  the event that Customer does not claim or provide an address for shipment of
such  Customer  Provided Equipment within thirty (30) days after SAVVIS' request
for such information, the Customer Provided Equipment shall be deemed abandoned,
and  Customer  shall  lose  all  rights  and  title  thereto.

B.     In  the  event the Premises become the subject of a taking by eminent
domain  by  any  authority  having  such  power,  SAVVIS shall have the right to
terminate  any  or  all of the Hosting Service, including this Service Addendum.
SAVVIS  shall  attempt  to  give  Customer as much advance notice of the removal
schedule  as  is reasonably practicable under the circumstances.  Customer shall
have  no claim against SAVVIS for any relocation expenses, any part of any award
that  may  be made for such taking or the value of any unexpired term or renewed
periods  that  result  from a termination by SAVVIS under this provision, or any
loss  of  business  from full or partial interruption or interference due to any
termination.

3.     Payment.  The Billing Commencement Date for Hosting Service is defined as
follows:  The  initial  installation  fee and monthly recurring fee shall be due
upon  SAVVIS'  notice  to Customer that the initial installation is completed by
SAVVIS,  which  notice  shall be sent to Customer by e-mail, facsimile, or other
written  format.  SAVVIS  shall  charge  additional  fees for additional Hosting
Service  ordered by Customer.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that
SAVVIS  partially  installs or activates a Service, SAVVIS reserves the right to
commence  billing  for  such  partial  Service  in accordance with this Section.

Notwithstanding  the  above,  in the event that Customer fails to pay any or all
amounts  due  to SAVVIS and remove Customer Provided Equipment from the Premises
in  accordance  with  Section  2A  above  within thirty (30) days of such SAVVIS
request,  SAVVIS may liquidate the Customer Provided Equipment in any reasonable


<PAGE>
manner,  without  being  liable  for  related  damages,  and  recover  from such
liquidation  the  amount(s)  owed  by  Customer  to  SAVVIS.

4.     Additional  Terms  Governing  Use.

A.  SAVVIS  shall  allocate Customer's IP addresses in accordance with RFC 2050.

B.  SAVVIS  offers  Customer  access  to  the  Internet.  Customer  hereby
acknowledges that the Internet is not owned, operated, managed by, or in any way
affiliated  with  SAVVIS  or  any  of  its affiliates, and that it is a separate
network  of  computers independent of SAVVIS.  Customer's use of the Internet is
solely  at its own risk and is subject to all applicable local, state, national,
international, other applicable laws and regulations.  Access to the Internet is
dependent  on  numerous  factors,  technologies  and  systems, many of which are
beyond  SAVVIS'  authority  and  control.

C.  SAVVIS  reserves  the  right  to  perform and manage any construction or
material  alterations  within  the  Premises.

D.  Customer's  use  of the Hosting Service shall at all times be subject to
Customer's  adherence  to  the  generally  accepted industry standards, security
rules,  and  rules  of  conduct  established  by  SAVVIS  for  the  Premises.

E.  SAVVIS  shall  not  arbitrarily  or discriminatorily require Customer to
relocate  the  Customer  Provided Equipment; however, upon sixty (60) days prior
written notice or, in the event of an emergency, such time as may be reasonable,
SAVVIS  reserves the right to change the location of the Premises to a site that
shall  afford  comparable  environmental  conditions  for  the Customer Provided
Equipment  and  comparable  accessibility  to  the  Customer Provided Equipment.
SAVVIS  and Customer will work together in good faith to minimize any disruption
of  Customer's  services  as  a  result  of  such  relocation.

5.     Pre-Activation  Cancellation  Charges.  In  the  event  that  Customer
terminates  this Service Addendum or any Hosting Service prior to SAVVIS' notice
to Customer that the initial installation is completed by SAVVIS, Customer shall
owe  SAVVIS  a  pre-delivery cancellation fee as follows:  Customer shall owe to
SAVVIS  a  charge of $5,000, and any and all third-party charges, including, but
not  limited  to,  SAVVIS  Provided  Equipment  and software charges that SAVVIS
incurs  or  will incur.  Customer acknowledges that the amounts payable pursuant
to  the preceding sentence are equitable compensation to SAVVIS and are intended
to  reasonably  compensate  SAVVIS  for  the  losses  which  are  occasioned  by
Customer's  failure to honor its obligations hereunder and that the exact amount
of  damages  is  difficult  or  impractical  to  establish.

At  any  time  during  the term of this Service Addendum, SAVVIS may, at SAVVIS'
sole  option, immediately terminate any or all of the Hosting Service, including
this  Service  Addendum  if  Customer  is  not then maintaining or utilizing the
Customer Provided Equipment and SAVVIS Provided Equipment solely for the purpose
of  originating and/or terminating telecommunications transmissions carried over
the  SAVVIS  network  or  as  otherwise  set  forth in Section 1 of this Service
Addendum.

6.     Ownership  of  Intellectual  Property.
     A.     Unless  otherwise  expressly set forth in this Service Addendum, the
parties  do  not, directly or by implication, by estoppel or otherwise, grant to
each  other  any  rights or licenses, and neither party shall have any ownership
rights  in  any  intellectual  or  tangible  property  of  the  other.

     B.     Unless  otherwise  expressly  set  forth  in  this Service Addendum,
SAVVIS  shall  not  obtain  any  right,  title,  and/or  interest in the content
provided  by  Customer or its customers or end users and installed on, stored or
processed  through  SAVVIS'  hardware  and  software, and, as between SAVVIS and
Customer,  Customer shall retain title to and all rights and/or interest in such
content.

     C.     SAVVIS  shall  retain  title  to  and all rights in all intellectual
property provided by SAVVIS, including, but not limited to, any know-how related
to  the Hosting Service, SAVVIS Provided Equipment, software or any other server
technology.  Customer  understands  that  delivery  of  the  Hosting Service may
involve  use  of  software  owned  by  SAVVIS  or  third  parties  under license
agreements  with  SAVVIS.  Customer  agrees  to  abide  by  the  following terms
governing  use  of  such  software:

(i)  Customer  shall  not  cause  or  permit reverse engineering, disassembly or
decompilation  of  any software provided by SAVVIS, or use such software outside
the  scope  of  this  Service  Addendum;

(ii)  Title  to  software  provided  by  SAVVIS  shall not pass to the Customer;

(iii)  Customer  may  use  the  software  only  in  object  code  form;

(iv)  Upon  termination  of  this  Service  Addendum  ,  or any Hosting Service,
Customer  shall cease using the software, and any copies of software provided to


<PAGE>
such  Customer,  if any, are to be either completely removed from the Customer's
computing  devices  or  otherwise  rendered  unusable;

(v)  Customer  understands  that  in  the  event  that  Customer  violates  the
intellectual  property  rights  of  any  third  party supplier of software, such
software  supplier  shall  have  the  right to enforce its intellectual property
rights  with  respect  to  the  software  directly  against  the  Customer;

(vi)  Customer  and  its customers and end users may access the software only in
connection  with  use of the Hosting Service and Customer's business operations,
and software may not be re-licensed, rented, leased, or used for time sharing or
service  bureau  users  by  Customer.

7.     Equipment.  SAVVIS  assumes  no  liability for any damage to, or loss of,
any Customer Provided Equipment, data or software resulting from any cause other
than the intentional misconduct or negligence of SAVVIS. To the extent SAVVIS is
liable  for  any  damage  to,  or  loss  of, Customer Provided Equipment for any
reason,  such  liability  will be limited solely to the then-current replacement
value  of  the  Customer  Provided  Equipment up to the limitations set forth in
Section  11  (Limitation  on  Liability)  of  the  Agreement.

8.     Miscellaneous.

     A.     SAVVIS  shall  have the right to terminate any or all of the Hosting
Service,  including  this Service Addendum. without liability of any kind on the
earlier  of  (i)  the expiration of or earlier termination of SAVVIS' underlying
lease  for  the Premises ("Lease"), or (ii) expiration or earlier termination of
this  Service  Addendum.  The  parties agree that any renewal of Hosting Service
shall  be  contingent  on the election by SAVVIS to continue to own or lease the
Premises,  such  election  to  be  exercised  at  the sole discretion of SAVVIS;
provided,  however that if SAVVIS intends to terminate any or all of the Hosting
Service,  including  this  Service  Addendum,  due  to  expiration of or earlier
termination  of SAVVIS' Lease or ownership of the Premises then SAVVIS will give
the  Customer  as  much  advance  notice  as is reasonably practicable under the
circumstances.

     B.     In  the event that any Service(s) supplied by or through SAVVIS
under  this Service Addendum becomes, or in SAVVIS' reasonable opinion is likely
to  become,  the  subject  of  a  claim of infringement, SAVVIS may, at its sole
option,  without  further  liability  or  obligation  to  Customer, either:  (i)
procure  for Customer the right to continue use of the affected Service(s); (ii)
provide a modification on a timely basis to the affected Service(s), so that its
use  becomes  non-infringing  but  remains  materially  similar  to the affected
Service(s);  (iii) replace the affected Service(s) with a non-infringing version
which  is  materially  similar to the affected Service(s); or (iv) terminate the
affected  Service(s);  provided, however that if SAVVIS intends to terminate any
or  all of the affected Services due to any of the foregoing circumstances, then
SAVVIS  will  give  the  Customer  as  much  advance  notice  as  is  reasonably
practicable  under  the  circumstances.

          C.     Customer Provided Equipment and SAVVIS Provided Equipment shall
be  utilized  only  for  interconnection  to  the  network  services  of SAVVIS.

          D.     SAVVIS  shall  perform  services  that  support  the  overall
operation  of  the  Premises  (e.g.,  janitorial services, environmental systems
maintenance,  and  power plant maintenance) at no additional charge to Customer.

          E.     Customer  shall  not  have  the  right to physically access the
Premises  for  any  reason, unless such access is approved in writing by SAVVIS.

     F.     Customer  acknowledges that it is receiving Hosting Service only and
is  not  entitled  to  occupy the Premises and shall not use the SAVVIS Provided
Equipment,  other  than  as  provided  herein.   Further,  Customer has not been
granted any property interests in the Premises or the SAVVIS Provided Equipment.
Customer  Provided  Equipment  shall  not  be  deemed  or become fixtures in the
Premises.

SAVVIS                                     NS8  Corporation

By:   /s/ James Mori                         By: /s/ Emma Steinberg
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------

Name:  James Mori                            Name: Emma Steinberg
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------

Title: EVF, General Manager of the Americas  Title: VP, Telco Sales
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------

Date:  Sep 23, 2005                          Date: August 4, 2005
-------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------


<PAGE>
                          Exhibit A for Hosting Service

                                      SLA

                                 (See Attached)


<PAGE>
                          Exhibit B for Hosting Service
                              Professional Services

DEFINITIONS  AND  COVERAGE:

PROFESSIONAL  SERVICES  -  Shall  consist  of  services  performed  by  SAVVIS'
employees,  agents,  and/or  contractors/subcontractors  (collectively  or
individually  referred  to  as "SAVVIS Personnel"), which is outside of existing
managed services contract set forth in the Service Order, and shall be billed at
the rates listed below.  Also, any and all necessary materials will be billed to
Customer  at  an additional amount.  SAVVIS current Professional Services are as
follows:

(i)  Emergency  On Call - Customer may contact the SAVVIS Network Control Center
("NOC")  24/7/365  to  request  Professional Services be performed.  SAVVIS will
arrange  for qualified SAVVIS Personnel to perform requested function as soon as
reasonably  practicable.  If  SAVVIS does not have SAVVIS Personnel available to
perform  functions,  SAVVIS  will  notify  Customer within 2 hours of Customer's
request.  SAVVIS will use its commercially reasonable efforts to begin work (but
is  not  under  any  obligation to begin work) on an authorized request within 4
hours  of  SAVVIS  NOC's  receipt  of  request  from  Customer.

(ii)  Contracted  Services  (Database  Administration-DBA)  -  Shall  consist of
pre-authorized  service  on Oracle and Microsoft SQL server databases.  Provided
that  Customer  authorizes  work  at  least 48 hours before work is to commence,
SAVVIS  shall  use its commercially reasonable efforts to begin work (but is not
under any obligation to begin work) on an authorized request within the time and
date  that  is  mutually  agreed  upon  between  SAVVIS  and  Customer.

(iii)  Contracted  Services  (Systems  Administration)  -  Shall  consist  of
pre-authorized service for the Windows, Linux and Solaris Operating Systems, and
any  applications  that  are  standard  to  the  SAVVIS  product  portfolio,  as
determined  by  SAVVIS.  Any  applications  that  are  outside  of  the  product
portfolio,  can  be performed at this rate if SAVVIS Personnel is available with
that  skill  set.   Provided  that  Customer  authorizes  work at least 48 hours
before work is to commence, SAVVIS shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to  begin  work (but is not under any obligation to begin work) on an authorized
request within the time and date that is mutually agreed upon between SAVVIS and
Customer.

SAVVIS  will  not  perform  any  Professional Services until Customer either (i)
executes  an  Authorization of Professional Services (a current form of which is
included  hereunder)  or  (ii)  submits  an  email  with  substantially the same
information  set  forth  on the Authorization of Professional Services, and such
service  authorization  has  been  received  and  accepted  by  the  SAVVIS NOC.
Authorization  of  Professional  Services  shall  be  signed  or submitted by an
authorized  representative  of  Customer,  and will specify the type of service,
hourly  rate,  and authorized amount of time. SAVVIS will provide to Customer an
estimate  of  time  required  before  starting  engagement.

It  is  understood  and  agreed Customer that SAVVIS' and the SAVVIS Personnel's
maximum  liability  for  any claims relating to Professional Services offered or
provided  by  SAVVIS  shall  not  exceed  the amount of the service fee for such
Professional  Service  provided  on  the  occasion  giving  rise  to  the claim.

RATE  INFORMATION:
Emergency  On  Call          $350  per  hour  per  person

Contracted  Service  -  DBA  $185 per hour per person (Minimum 48 Hours Prior
                             Notice)

Contracted  Service  -       $150  per  hour per person (Minimum 48 Hours Prior
Server  Administration       Notice)

Remote  hands                $100  per  hour  (Minimum  48  Hours  Prior Notice)

Minimum  billing 1/2  hour  per  incident
Additional  time  rounded  to  next 1/4  hour
Total  time  calculated  and  invoiced  monthly

Acknowledgement  of  Customer  Call  Timeframe:  Four  hours  from  SAVVIS NOC's
receipt  of  call  from  Customer  and  SAVVIS'  opening  of  a  ticket.

Note:  SAVVIS  reserves  the  right to change the rates and parameters set forth
herein  from  time  to  time  without  notice.

Authorization  of  Professional  Services

Customer  Company  Name: NS8  Corporation
Address:     One  Union  Square,  600  University  Street,  Suite  1525
City,  State,  ZIP:     Seattle,  Washington,  USA,  98101
Site  ID:
         -----------


<PAGE>
Authorizing  Order  Contact:
                             ------------

Customer  Company  Name  (If  different  from  above):
                                                       -------

Phone:            Fax:            E-mail:
       --------        ---------          -----------

 Customer  authorizes  SAVVIS  to  perform  Professional  Services  as set forth
herein.

Service Description     Hourly Rate  Number of hours  Total amount authorized
----------------------  -----------  ---------------  -----------------------
Emergency
On  Call                $350

Contracted Service
- DBA                   $185

Contracted Service -
Server  Administration  $150

Contracted  Service  -
Remote  Hands           $100


     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Parties  have  executed  this  Authorization of
Professional  Services  as  of  this         day  of       ,       .
                                      -----           -----   -----

SAVVIS                                     Customer

By:                                        By:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

Print  Name:                               Print  Name:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

Title:                                     Title:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

Date:                                      Date:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------


<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A

                        SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT ("SLA")
                        FOR INTELLIGENT HOSTING SERVICES

I.  Definitions

A.  The  "Main Agreement" is the i) Hosting Agreement or ii) the Master Services
Agreement and applicable Service Addendum to    which this SLA is an attachment.

B.  The  "Systems"  is  the  computer equipment and software that is approved by
SAVVIS and leased to the Customer by SAVVIS and contains the Customers' data and
applications.

C.  A  "Data  Center"  means  the  facility  in  which  the Systems are located.

D.  "Customer  Data"  means  the  data  and  applications  that are owned by the
Customer  and  reside  on  the  Systems.

E.  A  "Session"  means  an  active  communications  connection,  measured  from
beginning  to  end,  between  Customer  or  one  of  its users, and the Systems.

F.  An  "Outage"  means the accumulated time during which Customer or any of its
users  are  unable  to  establish a Session with the Systems, or access Customer
Data  for  reasons  other  than:

     (1)  The  failure  of  equipment  that  is  not fully owned and managed by
          SAVVIS
     (2)  Scheduled  or  emergency maintenance performed at SAVVIS' initiative;
     (3)  Maintenance  or  service  interruptions  requested  by  Customer;
     (4)  Customer's  acts  or  failure to act in a timely and/or proper manner
          when  notified  to  do  so  by  SAVVIS (including, without limitation,
          Customer's  failure  to  permit  entry by SAVVIS or make facilities or
          components  available to SAVVIS for testing or repair; or otherwise to
          comply  with  SAVVIS'  instructions  and  service  requirements);
     (5)  A  doubling of data transmitted above the committed data transmission
          rate  specified  in the most recent Order Form for the Customer if the
          committed  rate  is  in  excess  of  10mbps;
     (6)  Failures  caused  by  Customer  Data.

II.  Maintenance

SAVVIS  reserves  the  right to perform emergency maintenance as needed.  SAVVIS
will make commercially reasonable efforts to inform Customer prior to performing
scheduled  or  emergency  maintenance.  If  such advance notice is not possible,
SAVVIS  shall  notify  Customer  about  such emergency maintenance as soon as is
practicable.

III.  Service  Level  Agreement

A.  SAVVIS  guarantees  an  overall  availability  of  99.9%  for  the  Systems.

B.  If in one month the Outage exceeds 44 minutes, the Customer will be entitled
to a credit towards the invoice that Customer  receives two months following the
month  in  which  the  Outage  was  reported. For the purpose of determining the
amount  of  any Credit, an Outage will be deemed to commence when SAVVIS opens a
"trouble ticket" to track such Outage, and will be deemed to end when SAVVIS has
restored  availability  of  the  Systems.  The  Customer will not be entitled to
receive  a  credit if (i) Customer has violated the SAVVIS Acceptable Use Policy
(AUP)  or (ii) Customer is in breach of any provision (monetary or non-monetary)
under  the  Main  Agreement.

C.  The  amount  of  the  Credit  will  be  determined  as  follows:

     (1)  If  there  is  an  Outage for more than 44 minutes, but less than 3.6
          hours in any calendar month, Customer shall be entitled to a Credit of
          15%  of  that  month's  invoice  for  the  portion of the invoice that
          corresponds  to  the  Data  Center  in  which  the  Outage  occurred.

     (2)  If  there  is  an  Outage  for more than 3.6 hours, but less than 7.2
          hours in any calendar month, Customer shall be entitled to a Credit of
          20%  of  that  month's  invoice  for  the  portion of the invoice that
          corresponds  to  the  Data  Center  in  which  the  Outage  occurred.

     (3)  If  there  is  an  Outage for more than 7.2 hours, but less than 10.8
          hours in any calendar month, Customer shall be entitled to a Credit of
          35%  of  that  month's  invoice  for  the  portion of the invoice that
          corresponds  to  the  Data  Center  in  which  the  Outage  occurred.

     (4)  If there is an Outage for more than 10.8 hours in any calendar month,
          Customer  shall be entitled to a Credit of 50% of that month's invoice
          for  the portion of the invoice that corresponds to the Data Center in
          which  the  Outage  occurred.


<PAGE>
D.  In  order  to  receive  any Credit, Customer must notify SAVVIS, in writing,
within  30  days from the time Customer becomes eligible  to receive such Credit
(i.e. the Trouble Ticket is closed).  Customer's failure to notify SAVVIS within
that  period  shall result in the waiver of Customer's right to receive any such
Credit.

E.  Credit  shall  not  be  paid  if  Customer is in default (i) at the time the
Outage  occurred  or  (ii) at the time when such Credit is requested by Customer

F.  An  Outage  shall  not  be  deemed  to  occur upon the occurrence of routine
maintenance  or  upon  the  occurrence  of  an  act outside of    the control of
SAVVIS,  such  as  loss  of  power at the Customer premises or an act of nature.


<PAGE>
                                    Exhibit B
                                    ---------
              Streaming Delivery Service Level Agreement ("SDSLA")
              ----------------------------------------------------

All  capitalized  terms  not  defined  herein  shall  have the meanings that are
ascribed  in  the  Agreement.

1.     DEFINITIONS:
       -----------
Measurement  Provider:  A  third  party  vendor  who is  selected to perform the
service  measurements  described  herein.

Start-up  Time: The time between the initial submission of the target URL to the
Media Player and the beginning of playback. It includes the connect time and the
initial  buffer  time.  Daily  Start-up Time will be calculated as an average of
all measurements of each item in the Test Set over each 24-hour calendar day and
then averaged across all streams in the Test Set, excluding periods of scheduled
maintenance  which  shall not exceed four (4) hours per month.  Monthly Start-up
Time  will be calculated as an average of all Daily Start-up Times in a calendar
month.

Streaming  Service  Credit:  A  reduction  in the charges for streaming services
equal  to one thirtieth (1/30th) of the total charges for the streaming services
in  the  month  in  which  the  Streaming  Service  Credit  was issued. Only one
Streaming  Service Credit will be issued for any single calendar day, regardless
of  the  number  of  Commitments  that SAVVIS may have failed to acheive on that
particular  day. SAVVIS will issue Streaming Service Credits to a maximum of the
total  charges  for  streaming  services in the month that the Streaming Service
Credits  were  issued. Streaming Service Credits represent reasonable liquidated
damages  for  deteriorated  service,  and  are  not  a  penalty.
Streaming  Service Degradation:  Failure by SAVVIS to meet the Streaming Service
Commitments  in  a  given  calendar  month.

Streaming Service Outage:  A Streaming Service Outage will be declared if either
SAVVIS  or Customer create and verify a trouble ticket declaring that content is
not  being  streamed  to  a  majority  of  users  within  a geographic region (a
"Priority  One  Trouble  Ticket").  The  Streaming Service Outage will remain in
effect until SAVVIS closes the Priority One Trouble Ticket. If Customer attempts
to  initiate  a  Priority One Trouble Ticket, and SAVVIS does not respond with a
valid  ticket number within one (1) hour of the initial contact by Customer, the
Priority One Trouble Ticket will be deemed to have been open for one hour at the
time  of  opening

Streaming  Uptime:  A  percentage  obtained  by  dividing  the  total  number of
successful checks by the total number of checks performed. A successful check is
defined  as  one  where  the  Media  Player  is  able  to  begin
playback.  Daily  Streaming  Uptime  will  be  calculated  as  an  average  of
measurements  of  each  item  in the Test Set over each 24-hour calendar day and
then averaged across all streams in the Test Set, excluding periods of scheduled
maintenance  which  shall  not exceed four (4) hours per month ("Daily Aggregate
Uptime").  Monthly  Streaming  Uptime  will  be  calculated as an average of all
Daily  Streaming  Uptimes  in  a  calendar  month.

Test  Set:  A  set  of  ten  (10) on-demand streaming clips from those hosted on
SAVVIS'  Streaming  Network,  specified  by Customer to be used as the basis for
measuring  performance  hereunder.

2.     MEASUREMENT  OBLIGATIONS.
       ------------------------
     (a)  Measurement  Provider.  SAVVIS  will  hire,  at  SAVVIS'  expense,  a
Measurement Provider to measure and report the service levels provided by SAVVIS
under  orders  for  streaming  delivery services.  Due to the access control and
related issues involved with granting a third party access to Customer's storage
account  for  this  testing,  the  parties  will  cooperate with the Measurement
Provider to establish appropriate procedures regarding the testing.  SAVVIS will
have  no obligations under this Service Level Agreement during any periods where
measurements  are  unavailable  due to any action or lack of action of Customer.


<PAGE>
     (b)  Multiple  Service  Orders.  Separate  Test Sets will be identified for
each  order  (or  "Statement  of  Work")  for  streaming  delivery services, and
Streaming  Service  Credits  will be separately measured and calculated for each
such  order.

     (c)  Reporting.  SAVVIS  will  arrange  for Customer to receive the reports
created  by  such  Measurement Provider and will give Customer an opportunity to
examine  such  reports  on a continuing basis for at least ninety (90) days from
the  time  of  the  measurement.  If  there  are  reports that are found by both
parties  to  contain  inaccurate  data  after  Streaming  Data  Trimming  by the
Measurement Provider, both parties will work together to recalculate the service
levels  excluding  the  inaccurate  data.  No  Streaming  Service Degradation or
Streaming  Service  Outage  will be declared for reports that both parties agree
contain  inaccurate  data  until  new calculations are completed and accepted by
both  parties.

3.     Streaming  Services  commitments.
       ---------------------------------
(a)     98%  Streaming Uptime.  SAVVIS will provide Streaming Uptime of 98% (the
"Streaming  Uptime  Commitment") as measured by the Measurement Provider. SAVVIS
will  not  be  held responsible for any failure to maintain the Streaming Uptime
Commitment due to actions or inactions of Customer.  If SAVVIS fails to meet the
Streaming Uptime Commitment on any given day of a calendar month, a Service
Degradation  will  be  declared  for  that  day.  If  SAVVIS  fails  to meet the
Streaming Uptime Commitment for any five (5) days in a calendar month, a Service
Outage  will  be  declared  for  that  month.  Only one single Streaming Service
Credit  will be issued for any single calendar day under any single Statement of
Work,  regardless  of  the  number of Commitments that SAVVIS may have failed to
achieve  on  that  particular  day.

(b)     10  Second  Start-up  Time. SAVVIS will provide Start-up Time of no more
than  10  seconds  ("Start-up  Time  Commitment") as measured by the Measurement
Provider.  SAVVIS  will  not be held responsible for any failure to maintain the
Start-Up  Time  Commitment  due  to actions or inactions of Customer.  If SAVVIS
fails to meet the Start-up Time Commitment on any given day of a calendar month,
a  Service  Degradation  will  be declared for that day. If SAVVIS fails to
meet  the Start-up Time Commitment for any 5 days in a calendar month, a Service
Outage will be declared for that month. Only one single Streaming Service Credit
will  be  owed  for  any single calendar day under any single Statement of Work,
regardless  of  the number of Commitments that SAVVIS may have failed to achieve
on  that  particular  day.

4.     REMEDIES.
       --------
(a)     Service  Degradation:
Customer's  sole and exclusive remedy for any single Service Degradation will be
the  eligibility to receive one (1) Streaming Service Credit for each day that a
Service  Degradation  is  declared.

Savvis  will  use  all  reasonable efforts to apply Streaming Service Credits to
invoices for the month in which the Service Degradation occurred.  Customer must
notify  SAVVIS  within  sixty (60) business days from the date of receipt of the
invoice  for  the  period,  if  it  believes  Savvis  failed to apply all earned
Streaming  Service  Credits.

(b)     Service  Outage
If  a  Service  Outage is declared, SAVVIS will exercise commercially reasonable
efforts  to  resolve the Service Outage within twenty-four (24) hours. If SAVVIS
does  not  resolve  the  Service  Outage  within twenty-four (24) hours, or if a
second Service Outage is declared within thirty (30) calendar days of the first,
Customer  may  terminate  the  Statement  of Work by providing fifteen (15) days
prior  written  notice  to SAVVIS.  Such notice will be given within twenty (20)
days  after  the end of the calendar month in which the Service Outage occurred.
Neither  party shall have any further liability for termination arising out of a
Service  Outage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer will remain liable for
fees  incurred through the date of termination in accordance with the Agreement,
but  not  for  any  early  cancellation  penalty.


<PAGE>
(c)     THE  REMEDIES  SET FORTH IN THIS SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT ARE CUSTOMER'S
SOLE  AND  EXCLUSIVE  REMEDIES  AS  IT RELATES TO SAVVIS' FAILURE TO PERFORM THE
SERVICES  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH  THIS  SERVICE  LEVEL  AGREEMENT.

5.     MEASUREMENT  AND  AVAILABILITY
       ------------------------------

a)     Choice  of  Measurement  Provider
At  the  time  of  initiation of this SDSLA, the Measurement Provider is Keynote
Systems,  Inc.  SAVVIS  reserves  the right in its sole discretion to change the
Measurement  Provider  at  any  time  upon  thirty  (30)  days written notice to
Customer.

b)     Collection  of  Stream  Quality  Data
The  Test Set selected for each Statement of Work will consist of content on the
SAVVIS  Streaming  CDN.  The  fully  qualified  path of the URL must be entirely
within  the  domain  of  the SAVVIS Streaming CDN. Customer will arrange for the
Measurement Provider to perform checks on each of the Test Streams provided at a
rate  of 10 checks per hour throughout the day. Each check will last 60 seconds,
during  which  time  various measurements are collected to determine performance
under  the  service  commitments described above. These measurement results will
constitute  the  Raw  Stream  Quality  Data.

c)     Streaming  Data  Trimming
Once  a  day,  the  Raw  Stream Quality Data will be trimmed to create the Final
Stream Quality Data. The trimming process will eliminate any data that came from
any Measurement Provider scanners that experienced technical problems during the
measurement period.   The trimmed Raw Stream Quality Data will make up the Final
Stream  Quality  Data  ("Streaming  Data  Trimming").

d)     Availability  and  Use  of  Stream  Quality  Data
SAVVIS  will arrange for the Measurement Provider's Final Stream Quality Data to
be  made  available  via  secure  log-in  to  Customer  and SAVVIS. Data will be
archived  by  the  Measurement  Provider  for  90  days.

e)     Confidentiality
Passwords  supplied  to  SAVVIS  may  be distributed only to its duly authorized
employees  or representatives with a need to access the information for purposes
of  implementing  this SDSLA. Unless specified otherwise in an agreement between
SAVVIS  and  the  Measurement  Provider,  the Measurement Provider's information
obtained  by  SAVVIS  hereunder  must be treated as information that Customer is
obligated  to  treat  as  confidential,  under  the  terms  of the Nondisclosure
Agreement  between  Customer  and  SAVVIS.


<PAGE>
            SAVVIS Content Delivery Network (CDN) Services Addendum

This  Service Addendum for Content Delivery Network Services (the "Services") by
and  between  Customer  and  SAVVIS  shall  modify the Master Services Agreement
between  the  parties  in  accordance with the terms and conditions provided for
herein.  Except  for the modifications provided for herein, all the terms of the
Agreement  shall  remain  unchanged.  All  capitalized  terms not defined herein
shall  have  the  meaning  as  set forth in the Agreement.  The Service Addendum
hereby  incorporates  by  reference  all  terms  and conditions set forth in the
applicable Specification Sheets for Services ordered by Customer.  This addendum
shall  also  apply  to  Streaming  Services.

1.     Installation.   "Installation  Date"  means the date SAVVIS has completed
the  installation  for a Service, or, in the case of non-installed services, the
date  SAVVIS  begins  providing  the  service  to  Customer.

2.     Term.     The  initial term of each Service ("Initial Term") shall be set
forth  on  the  applicable Service Order, and shall commence on the Installation
Date.  After  the  Initial  Term,  each  monthly recurring Service will continue
automatically  for  additional  terms equal to the Initial Term ("Renewal Term")
unless such Services(s) are terminated by either party in writing at least sixty
(60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term, as applicable,
in  which  case  such  Service  shall  terminate  at  the  end of such term. The
termination  of  any  Service  will not affect Customer's obligations to pay for
other  service(s).  If  Customer terminates a particular Service, and the result
of  such  terminated  Service  is  that  SAVVIS  is  prevented from providing an
additional  related  Service  (the  "Related  Service"), then SAVVIS will not be
obligated  to  provide  the  Related  Service; provided that notwithstanding the
foregoing, Customer shall nonetheless be obligated to pay SAVVIS for the Related
Service.

3.     Billing.  All  fees  for  the  Services  will be listed on the applicable
Order  Form(s).  The  Billing  Commencement  Date  for the Services shall be the
Installation  Date.  Monthly  minimum  payment  obligations  ("Monthly Recurring
Charges,"  or "MRC") for each Service will be billed in advance of the provision
of Services.  One-time implementation or other fees for a new Service or portion
of  a  Service  ("Non-Recurring  Charges,"  or  "NRC") and all other charges for
Services received, including but not limited to variable usage Services, will be
billed  in  arrears.

4.     Use  of  Services.

A.     With  respect to On-Demand Streaming Services or any successor product or
service,  Customer  will not sublicense or otherwise redistribute the streams in
any  way  other  than  for;  i) delivery to end users, or ii) use of the streams
primarily  to  serve  its  corporate  intranets.

B.     SAVVIS  assumes  no liability for any damage to, or loss of, any Customer
Equipment  resulting  from  any cause other than the gross negligence or willful
misconduct  of SAVVIS.  To the extent SAVVIS and/or its affiliates is liable for
any  damage  to,  or  loss of, Customer Equipment for any reason, such liability
will  be  limited  solely  to the then-current replacement value of the affected
Customer  Equipment,  excluding  lost  data,  software  and  firmware.

5.     Service  Level  Agreement.  SAVVIS  represents  that  it will perform the
Services  in  a workmanlike manner consistent with industry standards reasonably
applicable  to  the  performance thereof.  The remedies set forth in the Service
Level  Agreement  Attached as Exhibit A for Content Delivery Network Services or
Exhibit  B  for  Streaming Services , are Customer's sole and exclusive remedies
for  any  failure  by  SAVVIS to provide the Services and for SAVVIS' failure to
meet  any  representation  set  forth  in  this  Section  6.

6.     Service  End  of  Life.  SAVVIS  may  elect  at  its  sole  discretion to
substitute  or  terminate ("end-of-life") certain Services provided to Customer.
In that event, SAVVIS will use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) substitute
substantially  similar services in lieu of the Services being replaced; and (ii)
minimize  the  impact  resulting from such changes on the Customer.  SAVVIS will
provide  Customer  with  at least thirty (30) days notice before end-of-lifing a
Service  or  substituting  a  replacement  Service.

7.     Compliance  with  Laws  and  AUP.  In  addition to Customer's obligations
contained  in  Section  4  of  the  Agreement, Customer acknowledges that SAVVIS
exercises  no  control  whatsoever over the content residing on  Customer's site
(including  Customer's  customers'  or end users' content, and including any and
all  audio content, video content, film, slides, renderings, text-based content,
and/or  other  images  provided  to  SAVVIS  by or on behalf of Customer) or any
content  shared  or processed on equipment under the control of SAVVIS on behalf
of  Customer,  and that it is the sole responsibility of Customer to ensure that
the  information  it  and  its customers and users transmit and receive, and use
thereof,  complies  with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  the AUP.


<PAGE>
8.     Suspension  of  Service.  In  addition  to  SAVVIS'  rights  contained in
Section  4  of  the  Agreement,  in  the  event  of any breach of the AUP or any
Customer  warranty  or representation set forth within this Service Addendum, in
addition  to  any other remedies available at law or in equity, SAVVIS will have
the  right  to  suspend  immediately  the  applicable Service(s) and/or restrict
Customer's access to the SAVVIS data center(s), to the extent and for so long as
deemed  reasonably  necessary  by  SAVVIS  to  prevent  any  harm to SAVVIS, its
employees  or  its  business.

9.     Intellectual  Property.

A.     Except  for  the rights expressly granted herein, this Agreement does not
transfer to Customer any SAVVIS Technology, and all right, title and interest in
and to SAVVIS Technology will remain solely with SAVVIS and/or its Affiliates or
licensed  third  parties.  Except  for the rights expressly granted herein, this
Agreement does not transfer from Customer to SAVVIS any Customer Technology, and
all  right,  title and interest in and to Customer Technology will remain solely
with  Customer.  SAVVIS  and  Customer each agrees that it will not, directly or
indirectly,  reverse  engineer,  decompile,  disassemble or otherwise attempt to
derive  source  code  or other trade secrets from technology of the other party.

B.     For  purposes  of  this  Service  Addendum,     (i) "Customer Technology"
means  Customer's  proprietary  technology,  including  Customer's  Internet
operations  design,  software  tools, hardware designs, algorithms, software (in
source and object forms), user interface designs, architecture, class libraries,
objects and documentation (both printed and electronic), know-how, trade secrets
and any related intellectual property rights throughout the world (whether owned
by  Customer  or licensed to Customer from a third party) and also including any
derivatives,  improvements,  enhancements  or  extensions of Customer Technology
conceived,  reduced  to practice, or developed during the term of this Agreement
by  Customer; and (ii) "SAVVIS Technology" means SAVVIS' proprietary technology,
including  SAVVIS and its Affiliates services, software tools, hardware designs,
algorithms,  software  (in  source  and  object  forms), user interface designs,
architecture,  class  libraries,  objects  and  documentation  (both printed and
electronic),  network  designs,  know-how,  trade  secrets  and  any  related
intellectual  property rights throughout the world (whether owned by SAVVIS, its
Affiliates  or  licensed to SAVVIS and/or its Affiliates from a third party) and
also  including  any  derivatives,  improvements,  enhancements or extensions of
SAVVIS  Technology  conceived, reduced to practice, or developed during the term
of  this  Agreement by either party that are not uniquely applicable to Customer
or  that  have  general  applicability  in  the  art.

C.     Notwithstanding  anything  to the contrary in this Agreement, SAVVIS will
not  be prohibited or enjoined at any time by Customer from utilizing any skills
or  knowledge  of  a  general nature acquired during the course of providing the
Services, including, without limitation, information publicly known or available
or  that  could  reasonably  be  acquired  in similar work performed for another
customer  of  SAVVIS.

D.  In  the  event  that any Service(s) supplied by or through SAVVIS under this
Agreement  becomes,  or  in  SAVVIS' reasonable opinion is likely to become, the
subject of a claim of infringement, SAVVIS may, at its sole option, either:  (i)
procure  for Customer the right to continue use of the affected Service(s); (ii)
provide a modification on a timely basis to the affected Service(s), so that its
use  becomes  non-infringing  but  remains  materially  similar  to the affected
Service(s);  (iii) replace the affected Service(s) with a non-infringing version
which  is  materially  similar to the affected Service(s); or (iv) terminate the
affected  Service(s)  without  further  liability  or  obligation  to  Customer.

10.     License  Grants.

A.     SAVVIS  hereby  grants  to Customer a nonexclusive, royalty-free license,
non-transferable  (except  as  otherwise  provided in this Agreement) during the
Initial  Term  and  any  Renewal  Term, to use the SAVVIS Technology that SAVVIS
provides Customer in connection with the provision of the Service(s), solely for
purposes  of using the Service(s) in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this  Agreement  and  for  no  other  purpose.

B.     Customer  agrees  that if, in the course of performing the Service(s), it
is necessary for SAVVIS to use Customer Technology, SAVVIS is hereby granted and
shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free license, during the Initial Term and any
Renewal  Term,  to  use the Customer Technology solely for purposes of providing
the  Service(s)  to  Customer  and  no  other  purpose.

11.     Termination.

A.     Unless  otherwise  provided  on an Order Form, if Customer terminates any
Service  prior to the completion of the applicable term, whether the term is for
an  Initial  Term  or  for a Renewal Term, then SAVVIS will charge Customer, and
Customer agrees to pay, the fees for the remainder of the term on the terminated
Service.


<PAGE>
12.     No  Lease;  Agreement  Subordinate to Master Lease.  This Agreement is a
services agreement and is not intended to and will not constitute a lease of any
real  property.  Customer  acknowledges  and agrees that (i) it has been granted
only a license to occupy the Customer Area and use the SAVVIS data center(s) and
any  equipment  provided  by  SAVVIS  in  accordance  with  this Agreement; (ii)
Customer has not been granted any real property interest in the Customer Area or
data  center(s); (iii) Customer has no rights as a tenant or otherwise under any
real property or landlord/tenant laws, regulations, or ordinances; and (iv) this
Agreement, to the extent it involves the use of space leased by SAVVIS, shall be
subordinate  to  any  lease between SAVVIS and its landlord(s).  Customer hereby
waives  and  releases  any  claims  or  rights  to make a claim that it may have
against  the landlord(s) under any lease by SAVVIS with respect to any equipment
or  property  of  Customers  located  in  the premises demised to SAVVIS by such
landlord(s).

13.     Specification  Sheet.  The "Specification Sheet" shall mean the detailed
description  for  each Service, other than Professional Services, ordered in the
applicable  Service  Order  by Customer, which is attached to or forms a part of
the  applicable  Service  Order(s).  The  terms  of  the Specification Sheet are
hereby  incorporated by reference into this Service Addendum.  In the event of a
conflict between the terms of the Specification Sheet and this Service Addendum,
the  terms  of  the  Specification  Sheet  shall  control.


SAVVIS                                     Customer

By:                                        By:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

Print  Name:                               Print  Name:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

Title:                                     Title:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------

Date:                                      Date:
-----------------------------------------  -------------------------------------


<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------
                        CONTENT DELIVERY NETWORK SERVICES
                        ---------------------------------
                            SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT
                            -----------------------

Performance  Guarantee

At no charge to Customer, SAVVIS commits that the performance, as defined below,
of Customer Content located on the SAVVIS Content Delivery Network will beat the
performance  of content located on the Customer's origin site 99.8% of the time.
SAVVIS  will  determine  performance  using  the independent performance testing
company  Keynote Systems, Inc.  Performance will be measured as a daily (24-hour
period)  worldwide  average using ten (10) Keynote agents located throughout the
world.  In  the  event the average daily response time of the content located on
the  SAVVIS  Content  Delivery Network is slower than the average daily response
time  of the content on Customer's origin server, Customer will receive a credit
of  one  hundred  percent  (100%)  of  its daily SAVVIS Content Delivery Network
transfer  fees,  not  to  exceed  $5,000  per  month.

Please Note: This Service Level Agreement applies to standard SAVVIS Caching (C)
data  only.  It  does  not  apply  to  streaming  media  data.

Measurement  Techniques  and  Definitions:

Measurement  of  Performance  Guarantee

     SAVVIS  uses  one  of  the  recognized  leaders  in independent performance
     testing - Keynote Systems, Inc. -- to measure the performance of Customer's
     content,  as  outlined  herein.  Keynote  measures performance by utilizing
     Keynote  agents  situated  around the world and, from these Keynote agents,
     SAVVIS  obtains  a  worldwide  daily  average  of the download time for the
     content.  The  current  Keynote Agents are located at the following sites*:

     -  New  York, NY, San Francisco, CA, Los Angeles, CA, Atlanta, GA, Chicago,
     IL,  Washington,  DC,  London,  Tokyo,  Hong  Kong,  Germany

     SAVVIS  will  give  Customer  a 100-kb text file to be stored on Customer's
     origin site. SAVVIS will then enable the 100-kb file, thereby loading it on
     the  Caching Network. Keynote will test the download time of this text file
     from  the  Caching  Network and compare it to the download time of the same
     file  from  Customer's  origin  server.

     *SAVVIS  reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to change
     the  testing  locations  listed  above.

Scenarios  in  which  Keynote  measurements  will not be counted against Service
Level  Agreement

     Erroneous  performance  measurements  by  Keynote  agents,  as  verified by
     Keynote,  will  not  be  counted  against  this  Service  Level  Agreement.

     Downtime  minutes  will  not  be  counted  against  the  measurement of the
                              ---
     performance  guarantee,  as  defined  above,  in  the  following  cases:

     -  Customer's origin server is unavailable or not responding to the Keynote
     test  agents.

     - Downtime due to failure or inaccessibility of to the Keynote test agents.

     Performance  measurements  during  customer initiated invalidation (such as
     redirection)  or  expiration  of  the  100  kb  test file that prevents the
     caching  of  the  100  kb  test  file  onto the Caching Network will not be
     counted  against  this  Service  Level  Agreement.

     This  Service  Level  Agreement  is not valid for customers with geographic
     restrictions  on  content  delivery  using  Footprint.

Refunds

     In  the event SAVVIS fails to meet the performance guarantee, as defined in
     this Service Level Agreement, at the end of the calendar month, SAVVIS will
     determine  the  monthly  caching  amount and divide by thirty to derive the
     daily caching transfer credit. All daily caching transfer credits permitted
     under  this  Service  Level  Agreement will be added together to obtain the
     total credits for the month. The total monthly credit, not to exceed $5,000
     per  month, will be applied as a credit on Customer's next monthly invoice.

     The foregoing lists Customer's sole and exclusive remedy should SAVVIS fail
     to  meet  the above performance guarantee, as defined in this Service Level
     Agreement.


<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
