<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF MERGER - DELAWARE
<TEXT>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2

                              CERTIFICATE OF MERGER

                                       OF

                             DLVN ACQUISITION, INC.

                                      AND

                          CANONLINE GLOBAL MEDIA, INC.

It  is  hereby  certified  that:

          1.  The  constituent business corporations participating in the merger
herein  certified  are:

          (i)  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc., which is incorporated under the laws of
the  State  of  Delaware;  and

          (ii)  CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc., which is incorporated under the
laws  of  the  State  of  Washington.

          2.  An  Agreement  of  Merger  has  been approved, adopted, certified,
executed  and  acknowledged by each of the aforesaid constituent corporations in
accordance  with  the provisions of subsection (c) of Section 252 of the General
Corporation  Law  of the State of Delaware, to wit, by DLVN Acquisition, Inc. in
the  same manner as is provided in Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware and by CanOnline Global Media, Inc. in accordance with the
laws  of  the  State  of  its  incorporation.

          3.  The  name  of  the  surviving  corporation  in  the  merger herein
certified  is          CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc.,  which will continue its
existence  as  said  surviving  corporation  under  its  present  name  upon the
effective  date  of  said  merger  pursuant to the provisions of the laws of the
State  of  its  incorporation.

          4.  The  certificate  of incorporation of CanOnline Global Media, Inc,
as  now  in  force  and  effect,  shall  continue  to  be  the  certificate  of
incorporation  of  said surviving corporation until amended and changed pursuant
to  the  provisions  of  the  laws  of  the  State  of  its  incorporation.

          5.  The executed Agreement of Merger between the aforesaid constituent
corporations is on file at an office of the aforesaid surviving corporation, the
address  of  which  is  as  follows:  Suite  200,  11311 Howe Street, Vancouver,
British  Columbia  V6Z  2P3.

          6.  A  copy  of the aforesaid Agreement of Merger will be furnished by


                                       56
<PAGE>

the  aforesaid  surviving  corporation,  on  request,  and  without cost, to any
stockholder  of  each  of  the  aforesaid  consti-tuent  corporations.

          7.  The  aforesaid surviving corporation does hereby agree that it may
be  served  with  process  in  the  State  of  Delaware  in  any  proceeding for
enforcement  of  any  obligation  of  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.,  as  well as for
enforcement  of  any  obligation  of said surviving corporation arising from the
merger  herein  certified, including any suit or other proceeding to enforce the
right,  if  any,  of  any stockholder of DLVN Acquisition, Inc. as determined in
appraisal  proceedings  pursuant to the provisions of Section 262 of the General
Corporation  Law  of  the State of Delaware; does hereby irrevocably appoint the
Secretary  of  State  of the State of Delaware as its agent to accept service of
process  in  any  such  suit  or  other proceedings; and does hereby specify the
following  as the address to which a copy of such process shall be mailed by the
Secretary  of  State  of  the  State  of  Delaware:

          Gottbetter  &  Partners,  LLP
          488  Madison  Ave.
          New  York,  NY  10022
          Attn:  Adam  S.  Gottbetter,  Esq.

Dated:  December  18,  2003

                                                    DLVN Acquisition, Inc.

                                                By: /s/ Michael Conte
                                                    -------------------
                                                    Michael  Conte,  President


                                                    CanOnline Global Media, Inc.

                                                By: /s/ Peter Hogendoorn
                                                    ----------------------
                                                    Peter  Hogendoorn


                                       57
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
