<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>v05312_ex2-6.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.6

                   NONCOMPETITION AND NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

         NONCOMPETITON   AND  NONDISCLOSURE   AGREEMENT  (the   "Non-Competition
Agreement"), made as of the 23 day of June 2004, by and among HY-Tech Technology
Group, Inc., a Delaware  corporation  ("Hy-Tech  Technology"),  Hy-Tech Computer
Systems,  Inc., a Delaware corporation  ("Hy-Tech Computer Systems" and together
with Hy-Tech  Technology,  "HYTT"),  Gary McNear  ("McNear")  and Craig  Conklin
("Conklin"  and  collectively  with  McNear and HYTT,  the "HYTT  Parties")  and
Encompass Group Affiliates, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Encompass").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              - - - - - - - - - -

         WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Agreement,  dated May __, 2004, among
Encompass  and HYTT  (the  "Agreement"),  HYTT has  agreed to (i)  refrain  from
pursuing  certain rights it may have (the "Rights") and (ii) license  certain of
its  assets  to  Encompass,  in  accordance  with the terms of  certain  license
agreements  (the  "Licenses") to be entered into among Encompass and HYTT on the
date hereof (the "Closing").

         WHEREAS,  in order to protect the value of the Rights and the  Licenses
and to protect the business of Encompass and its Affiliates,  the parties hereto
have agreed that, for the  consideration  contained in the  Agreement,  the HYTT
Parties  shall not compete  with  Encompass,  in  accordance  with the terms and
conditions hereof; and

         WHEREAS,  the  agreements  of the  HYTT  Parties  not to  compete  with
Encompass  as  provided  herein  are  an  integral  part  of  the   transactions
contemplated by the Agreement, and without such agreements,  Encompass would not
have entered into the Agreement.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  covenants  and  agreements
contained herein, the payment of the consideration  hereunder and for other good
and  valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency  of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as
follows:

                  1. Certain Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise  defined  shall have the meanings  ascribed to them in the  Agreement;
provided,  however,  that the following  terms shall have the meanings set forth
below irrespective of the meanings such terms may have in the Agreement:

                           (a) "Affiliate" of any person means any other person,
directly or indirectly,  through one or more intermediary persons,  controlling,
controlled by or under common control with such person.

                           (b)  "Business"   means  (i)  the  marketing,   sale,
integration,  distribution or repair of computer systems, components,  equipment
or  peripherals,  and any  related  consulting  work,  and (ii)  conducting  any

                                       1
<PAGE>

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

business of a nature (A) now or anytime hereafter engaged in by Encompass or its
current or future  subsidiaries or (B) engaged in by Hy-Tech Computer Systems or
its  subsidiaries at the time of Closing,  or (C) engaged in by any of BCD 2000,
Inc.,  Cyber  Test,  Inc. or Pacific  Magtron  International  Corp.  ("Potential
Encompass  Subsidiaries")  at the time the stock or assets of which are acquired
by Encompass.

                           (c) "Confidential  Information" means all information
(i)  heretofore or hereafter  developed or used by a HYTT Party  relating to the
Business, or the operations,  employees, customers, suppliers or distributors of
HYTT relating to the Business  including,  but not limited to,  customer  lists,
customer orders,  financial data, pricing information and price lists,  business
plans and market  strategies  and  arrangements,  all books,  records,  manuals,
advertising materials,  catalogues,  correspondence,  mailing lists,  production
data, sales materials and records,  purchasing materials and records,  personnel
records,  quality control records and procedures  included in or relating to the
Business,  and (ii) all such  information  of Encompass,  its Affiliates and the
Potential Encompass  Subsidiaries obtained by the HYTT Parties prior to the date
hereof.

                           (d) The term  "control",  with respect to any person,
means the power to direct the

management and policies of such person,  directly or  indirectly,  by or through
stock  ownership,  agency or otherwise,  or pursuant to or in connection with an
agreement, arrangement or understanding (written or oral) with one or more other
persons  by or  through  stock  ownership,  agency or  otherwise;  and the terms
"controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

                           (e) "Market" means the world.

                           (f)  The   term   "person"   means   an   individual,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association,
trust,  unincorporated  organization or other entity,  including a government or
political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

                           (g) "Restricted  Period" means the period  commencing
from and  after the date of this  Non-Competition  Agreement  and  ending on the
fifth anniversary hereof.

                  2. Noncompetition in the Market.

                           (a) At all  times  from  and  after  the date of this
Non-Competition Agreement and until the expiration of the Restricted Period, (i)
no HYTT Party will own or control,  throughout  the Market,  any business or any
person who is engaged in any business,  that  competes,  directly or indirectly,
with the Business or is otherwise  engaged in  activities  competitive  with the
Business, (ii) no HYTT Party shall directly,  indirectly, and whether for itself
or on behalf of any other person  (including any of its Affiliates),  throughout
the Market,  directly or indirectly,  engage in, own, manage,  operate,  provide
financing to, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of,
or otherwise have a financial interest  (whether,  except as provided in Section
4, as a stockholder, director, officer, representative,  subcontractor, partner,
consultant,  proprietor, member, agent or otherwise) in, or aid or assist anyone
else in the  conduct  of,  any  business  or any  person  who is  engaged in any
business,  that  competes,  directly  or  indirectly,  with the  Business  or is
otherwise engaged in activities competitive with the Business, and (iii) no HYTT

                                       2
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

Party  shall,  either  personally  or by its agent or by letters,  circulars  or
advertisements and whether for itself or on behalf of any other person,  canvass
or  solicit,  or enter into or effect (or cause or  authorize  to be  solicited,
entered into or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of itself or
any other person,  any business relating to the Business from any person who is,
or has at any time within five (5) years prior to the date of such action  been,
a customer or supplier of the Business or Encompass or Encompass' Affiliates.

                           (b) Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  (i) for a period
of three (3) months  following the Closing,  Hy-Tech  Computer  Systems shall be
permitted to sell,  in the ordinary  course of its  business,  any inventory not
sold on or prior to the  Closing  and  (ii)  provided  that  HYTT  acquires  the
business of Robotic Workspace  Technology,  Inc. ("RWT"),  for so long as RWT is
engaged  solely in the  business  of  developing  and/or  acquiring  proprietary
computer technology within the robotics field, Encompass shall not deem the HYTT
Parties to be competing with the Business.

                  3. Excluded  Investments  and  Activities by the HYTT Parties.
Each of the parties  hereto  acknowledges  that nothing  contained  herein shall
prohibit the HYTT Parties from  acquiring  equity  securities of a publicly held
company  engaged in activities  which are similar to, or  competitive  with, the
Business,  which in the aggregate do not exceed 1% of the issued and outstanding
equity securities of such publicly held company.

                  4. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. Each HYTT Party
acknowledges  that it is the  policy of  Encompass  to  maintain  as secret  and
confidential all Confidential Information.  The parties hereto recognize that by
reason of HYTT's operation of its business prior to the Closing,  and activities
in connection  with the Agreement,  the HYTT Parties have acquired  Confidential
Information.  Each HYTT Party recognizes that,  effective upon the Closing,  all
such  Confidential  Information  is  and  shall  remain  the  sole  property  of
Encompass, free of any rights of any HYTT Party, and acknowledges that Encompass
has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains
secret and  confidential.  Therefore,  each HYTT Party  agrees that at all times
from and after the date hereof, it/he will not, directly or indirectly,  without
the prior written consent of Encompass, disclose to any person, firm, company or
other entity (other than Encompass or any of its  Affiliates)  any  Confidential
Information,  except to the extent  that (i) any such  Confidential  Information
becomes generally  available to the public or trade, other than as a result of a
breach  by a HYTT  Party  of  this  Section  4, or (ii)  any  such  Confidential
Information becomes available to a HYTT Party on a non-confidential basis from a
source other than Encompass;  provided,  that such source is not known by a HYTT
Party to be bound by a  confidentiality  agreement with, or other  obligation of
secrecy to, Encompass or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of
the  confidentiality  obligations  hereof if a HYTT Party is  required by law or
legal process to disclose any Confidential  Information;  provided, that in such
case,  the HYTT Parties shall (a) give  Encompass the earliest  notice  possible
that such disclosure is or may be required, and (b) cooperate with Encompass, at
Encompass' expense, in protecting,  to the maximum extent legally permitted, the
confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be
so  disclosed.  The  obligations  of each HYTT Party under this  Section 4 shall
survive any termination of this Non-Competition Agreement.

                                       3
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                  5.  Non-Solicitation.  At all times from and after the date of
this  Non-Competition  Agreement  and until  the  expiration  of the  Restricted
Period,  no HYTT Party  shall,  directly,  indirectly  or  otherwise,  either by
its/his  agent or by  letters,  circulars  or  advertisements,  and  whether for
itself/himself or on behalf of any other person:

                           (a) seek to persuade any employee of Encompass or any
of its  Affiliates to discontinue  his or her status or employment  therewith or
seek to persuade  any  employee or former  employee of  Encompass  or any of its
Affiliates  to become  employed  or to provide  consulting  services or contract
services in a business or activities competitive with the Business, or

                           (b)  solicit or employ or,  directly  or  indirectly,
cause to be  solicited  or  employed,  or engage,  directly or  indirectly,  the
services  of  any  employee  or  former  employee  of  Encompass  or  any of its
Affiliates.

                  6. Right to Injunctive  Relief.  Each HYTT Party  acknowledges
that any breach or threatened breach by it of any of the covenants or provisions
contained herein will result in irreparable and continuing harm to Encompass and
its  Affiliates  for which neither  Encompass nor its  Affiliates  would have an
adequate remedy at law. Therefore, each HYTT Party acknowledges and agrees that,
in addition to any other remedy which  Encompass or its  Affiliates  may have at
law or in equity,  Encompass and its Affiliates  shall be entitled to injunctive
relief,  temporary and permanent  restraining orders or other equitable remedies
in the event of any such breach or  threatened  breach.  Each HYTT Party further
acknowledges   and  agrees  that  monetary  damages  would  be  insufficient  to
compensate  Encompass  and its  Affiliates  in the event of a breach by any HYTT
Party of any of the covenants or provisions  contained  herein,  and that in the
event of a breach thereof,  Encompass and/or its Affiliates shall be entitled to
specific performance of the obligations hereunder without the obligation to post
a bond or to prove damages or that other remedies are insufficient.

                  7.  Enforceability;  Severability.  If any  provision  of this
Non-Competition  Agreement shall be adjudicated to be invalid or  unenforceable,
then such  provision  shall be deemed  modified,  as to  duration,  territory or
otherwise,  so as to be  enforceable  as similar as possible to the provision at
issue, in order to render the remainder of this Non-Competition  Agreement valid
and enforceable  and to the extent found  necessary,  such  provisions  shall be
revised,  reformed  or  redrafted  or a new  agreement  created  by a  court  of
competent   jurisdiction   to  accomplish  the  foregoing.   The  invalidity  or
unenforceability  of any provision of this  Non-Competition  Agreement shall not
affect the other provisions hereof, and this Non-Competition  Agreement shall be
construed  in all respects as if such invalid or  unenforceable  provision  were
omitted.

                  8.  Successors  and Assigns.  This  Non-Competition  Agreement
shall be binding  upon and shall inure to the  benefit of each party  hereto and
their respective Affiliates, successors and assigns.

                                       4
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                  9. Entire Agreement. This Non-Competition Agreement,  together
with the  Agreement  and the documents  and  instruments  referenced  herein and
therein, contains the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect
to  the  subject  matter  hereof  and  supersedes  all  prior  negotiations  and
understandings among Encompass,  Encompass'  Affiliates and each HYTT Party with
respect hereto.  This  Non-Competition  Agreement may not be amended or modified
except by a written instrument signed by the parties hereto.

                  10. Applicable Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.

                           (a) This  Non-Competition  Agreement  and the rights,
obligations  and  relations  of the  parties  hereto  shall be  governed  by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

                           (b) The parties hereto hereby,  to the fullest extent
permitted  by law,  (i) agree to  submit  themselves,  and any  legal  action or
proceeding  relating to this  Non-Competition  Agreement or for  recognition and
enforcement of any judgment in respect hereof, to the exclusive  jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of Delaware,  the courts of the United  States  District
Court for the District of Delaware, and appellate courts from any therefor, (ii)
consent that any action or proceeding shall be brought in such courts, and waive
any  objection  that  each may now or  hereafter  have to the  venue of any such
action or proceeding  in any such court,  (iii) agree that service of process of
any such action or proceeding may be effected by serving the  appropriate  party
personally at its address as set forth herein,  and service made shall be deemed
to be completed upon actual receipt thereof,  and (iv) agree that nothing herein
shall  affect  the right to  effect  service  of  process  in any  other  manner
permitted by law.

                  11. Notices.

                           (a) Except as  provided  in Section  10(b)(iii)  with
respect to service of process which must be delivered personally,  any notice or
other  communication  required or  permitted  hereunder  shall be in writing and
shall be delivered  personally  by hand or by  recognized  overnight  courier or
mailed (by registered or certified  mail,  postage  prepaid) or  telecopied,  as
follows:

                                (i)  If to Encompass :

                                     420 Lexington Avenue, Ste 2739
                                     New York, NY 10170
                                     Attention: Wayne I. Danson, President
                                     Telecopier: 646-227-1666

with a simultaneous copy to:

                                     Gary A. Miller, Esq.
                                     Eckert Seamans Cherin & Mellott, LLC
                                     1515 Market Street, Ninth Floor
                                     Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102
                                     Telecopier: (215)851-8383

                                       5
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                                                              and

                                     Jonathan Lichtman, Esquire
                                     Levinson & Lichtman LLP
                                     120 Palmetto Road East
                                     Boca Raton, Florida 33166
                                     Telecopier: (561) 869-260

                               (ii)  If to a HYTT Party, one copy to:

                                     c/o of Hy-Tech Technology Group, Inc.
                                     1840 Boy Scout Dr.
                                     Ft. Myers, FL
                                     Attention:  President
                                     Telecopier:
                                                 -------------------------------
 with a simultaneous copy to:

                                     Adam S. Gottbetter, Esquire
                                     Gottbetter & Partners, LLP
                                     488 Madison Ave., 12th Fl
                                     New York, NY 10022-5718
                                     Telecopier: (212) 400-6901

                           (b) Each such notice or other  communication shall be
effective (i) if given by  telecopier,  when such telecopy is transmitted to the
telecopier   number   specified   in  Section   11(a)  (with   confirmation   of
transmission),  or (ii) if given by other means,  when  delivered at the address
specified in Section  11(a).  Any party by notice given in accordance  with this
Section  11 to the other  party may  designate  another  address  or person  for
receipt of notices hereunder. Notices by a party may be given by counsel to such
party.

                  12. Headings. The headings of sections and subsections of this
Non-Competition  Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered
in construing this Non-Competition Agreement.

                  13. Execution in Counterparts.  This Non-Competition Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts,  each of which shall be deemed to
be an original, but all of which, when taken together,  shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]







                                       6
<PAGE>
                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Non-Competition
Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

                                                     HY-TECH TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                     By:
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:



                                     HY-TECH COMPUTER SYSTEMS, INC.

                                     By:
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         CRAIG CONKLIN


                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         GARY MCNEAR



                                     ENCOMPASS GROUP AFFILIATES, INC.

                                     By:
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
