<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>doc4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF MERGER - WASHINGTON
<TEXT>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.3

                               ARTICLES OF MERGER

                                       OF

                             DLVN ACQUISITION, INC.

                                      AND

                          CANONLINE GLOBAL MEDIA, INC.


To  the  Secretary  of  State
State  of  Washington

Pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the  Washington Business Corporation Act, the
domestic  business corporation and the foreign business corporation herein named
do  hereby  submit  the  following  articles  of  merger.

          1.  Annexed  hereto  and  made a part hereof is the Plan of Merger for
merging  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.  with and into CanOnline Global Media, Inc. as
adopted  at  a  meeting  by  the Board of Directors of DLVN Acquisition, Inc. on
October  9, 2003 and adopted at a meeting by the Board of Directors of CanOnline
Global  Media,  Inc.  on October 9, 2003.

          2.  The  merger  was  approved by the shareholders of CanOnline Global
Media, Inc.   pursuant to the provisions of Section 23B.11.030 of the Washington
Business  Corporation  Act.

          3.  The  merger  of  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.  with and into CanOnline
Global  Media, Inc. is permitted by the laws of the jurisdiction of organization
of  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.               and has been authorized in compliance
with  said  laws.

          4.  CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc. will continue its existence as the
surviving  corporation  under its present name pursuant to the provisions of the
Washington  Business  Corporation  Act.

Executed  on  December  18,  2003

                                   DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.

                              By:  /s/  Michael  Conte
                                   -------------------
                                   Name:  Michael  Conte
                                   Capacity:  President

                                   CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc.

                              By:  /s/  Peter  Hogendoorn
                                   -----------------------
                                   Name:  Peter  Hogendoorn
                                   Capacity:  President


                                       58
<PAGE>

          PLAN  OF  MERGER  adopted  by  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.,  a  business
corporation  organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, by resolution of
its  Board  of Directors on            October 9, 2003, and adopted by CanOnline
Global Media, Inc., a business corporation organized under the laws of the State
of  Washington,  by  resolution  of  its  Board  of  Directors  on
October  9,  2003.  The  names  of  the  corporations planning to merge are DLVN
Acquisition, Inc., a business corporation for profit organized under the laws of
the  State  of  Delaware,  and                CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc., a
business  corporation  for  profit  organized  under  the  laws  of the State of
Washington.  The  name of the surviving corporation into which DLVN Acquisition,
Inc.  plans  to  merge  is  CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc

          1.  DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.  and CanOnline Global Media, Inc., shall,
pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the  laws  of  the  State of Delaware and the
provisions of the Washington Business Corporation Act, be merged with and into a
single  corporation,  to  wit,  CanOnline Global Media, Inc., which shall be the
surviving  corporation  upon the effective time and date of the merger and which
is  sometimes  hereinafter referred to as the "surviving corporation", and which
shall  continue  to  exist  as said surviving corporation under its present name
pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the Washington Business Corporation Act.  The
separate  existence  of  DLVN  Acquisition, Inc., which is sometimes hereinafter
referred  to  as  the  "non-surviving corporation", shall cease at the effective
time  and  date of the merger in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of
its  organization.

          2.  The  Articles of Incorporation of the surviving corporation at the
effective  time and date of the merger shall be the Articles of Incorporation of
said  surviving  corporation.

          3.  The present bylaws of the surviving corporation will be the bylaws
of  said  surviving corporation and will continue in full force and effect until
changed, altered, or amended as therein provided and in the manner prescribed by
the  provisions  of  the  Washington  Business  Corporation  Act.

          4.  The  directors and officers in office of the surviving corporation
upon the effective date of the merger shall be the members of the first Board of
Directors and the first officers of the surviving corporation, all of whom shall
hold  their  directorships  and  offices until the election and qualification of
their  respective  successors  or  until their tenure is otherwise terminated in
accordance  with  the  bylaws  of  the  surviving  corporation.

          5.  Each  issued  share  of  the non-surviving corporation immediately
prior  to the effective time and date of the merger shall, at the effective time
and  date  of  the  merger,  be  converted  into  one  share  of  the  surviving
corporation.  Each  issued  share of the surviving corporation immediately prior
to  the  effective  date and time of the merger shall, at the effective time and
date  of  the  merger,  be  converted  into  one  share of Delivery Now Corp., a
Delaware  corporation,  and  the  holder  of  all  of  the issued shares of DLVN
Acquisition,  Inc.


                                       59
<PAGE>

          6.  The  merger  of  the  non-surviving  corporation with and into the
surviving  corporation  shall be authorized in the manner prescribed by the laws
of  the  jurisdiction  of organization of the non-surviving corporation, and the
Plan  of  Merger herein made and approved shall be submitted to the shareholders
of  the  surviving  corporation  for  their  approval or rejection in the manner
prescribed  by  the  provisions  of  the  Washington  Business  Corporation Act.

          7.  In the event that the merger of the non-surviving corporation with
and into the surviving corporation shall have been duly authorized in compliance
with  the  laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of  organization  of  the  non-surviving
corporation,  and  in the event that the Plan of Merger shall have been approved
by  the shareholders entitled to vote of the surviving corporation in the manner
prescribed  by  the  provisions  of the Washington Business Corporation Act, the
non-surviving  corporation  and  the surviving corporation hereby stipulate that
they  will  cause  to  be  executed  and  filed  and/or recorded any document or
documents  prescribed  by  the laws of the State of Delaware and of the State of
Washington,  and that they will cause to be performed all necessary acts therein
and  elsewhere  to  effectuate  the  merger.

          8.  The  Board  of  Directors  and  the  proper  officers  of  the
non-surviving  corporation  and  of the surviving corporation, respectively, are
hereby  authorized,  empowered,  and directed to do any and all acts and things,
and  to  make,  execute,  deliver,  file, and/or record any and all instruments,
papers,  and documents which shall be or become necessary, proper, or convenient
to  carry out or put into effect any of the provisions of this Plan of Merger or
of  the  merger  herein  provided  for.


                                       60
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
