<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>v020204_ex10-4.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4
                                 PROMISSORY NOTE

$300,000.00                                             June 14, 2005
                                                        Jersey City, New Jersey

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, INNOVA HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation
(hereafter "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of CORNELL CAPITAL
PARTNERS, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (hereafter "Lender"), at its office
located at 101 Hudson Street, Suite 3700, Jersey City, New Jersey 07302, or at
such other location or address as Lender may direct from time to time, the
principal sum of Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($300,000) (the "Principal
Amount"), said principal being payable as follows:

         The Borrower shall repay the Promissory Note in three equal principal
payments of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) each. The first principal
payment shall be due and payable on the thirtieth (30th) day following the date
the Registration Statement ("Registration Statement") filed pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement dated the date hereof between the Borrower and the
Lender is declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
("Effective Date"); the second principal payment shall be due and payable on the
sixtieth (60th) day following Effective Date; and the third principal payment
shall be due and payable on the ninetieth (90th) day following the Effective
Date. This Promissory Note shall not bear interest unless and until there is an
event of default.

         At the option of Lender, all sums advanced hereunder shall become
immediately due and payable, without notice or demand, upon the occurrence of
any one or more of the following events of default: (a) the undersigned's
failure to pay in full any payment of principal under this Promissory Note
within 5 days of the date when such payment of principal becomes due; (b) the
commencement of any proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws, by or
against the Borrower; or (c) the Registration Statement is not declared
effective within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date hereof, unless such
failure to obtain effectiveness is solely due to reasons related to the
transactions described in the Company's April 29, 2003 8-K.

         No delay or omission on the part of Lender in the exercise of any right
hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any other right under
this Promissory Note. A waiver by Lender of any right or remedy conferred to it
hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to, or waiver of,
any such right and/or remedy as to any future occasion.

         Borrower agrees that in the event of a default in the payment of any
installment of principal upon the date when the same severally become due
hereunder, or, if each and every one of the terms and conditions of this
Promissory Note are not duly performed, complied with, or abided by, the whole
of said indebtedness then outstanding shall thereupon, at the option of Lender,
become immediately due and payable. If this Promissory Note becomes in default
and is placed in the hands of an attorney, the undersigned agrees to pay any and
costs, charges and expenses incurred by Lender in the enforcement of its rights
hereunder, including, but not limited to, reasonable trial and appellate
attorney's fees, as well as all fees and expenses incurred in enforcing and
collecting any judgment.

<PAGE>

         The undersigned and all persons now or hereafter becoming obligated or
liable for the payment hereof do jointly and severally waive demand, notice of
non-payment, protest, notice of dishonor and presentment.

         The undersigned does not intend or expect to pay, nor does Lender
intend or expect to charge, collect or accept, any interest greater than the
highest legal rate of interest which may be charged under any applicable law.
Should the acceleration hereof or any charges made hereunder result in the
computation or earning of interest in excess of such legal rate, any and all
such excess shall be and the same is hereby waived by Lender, and any such
excess shall be credited by Lender to the balance hereof.

         Each maker, endorser, or any other person, firm or corporation now or
hereafter becoming liable for the payment of the loan evidenced by this
Promissory Note, hereby consents to any renewals, extensions, modifications,
release of security, or any indulgence shown to or any dealings between Lender
and any party now or hereafter obligated hereunder, without notice, and jointly
and severally agree, that they shall remain liable hereunder notwithstanding any
such renewals, extensions, modifications or indulgences, until the debt
evidenced hereby is fully paid.

         Principal may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time prior to the
maturity of this Promissory Note. There is no prepayment fee or penalty. Each
prepayment of principal shall be applied against the payments last due under
this Promissory Note. No partial prepayment of principal shall act to suspend,
postpone or waive any regularly scheduled payment of principal under this
Promissory Note.

         Any payment of principal under this Promissory Note which is not paid
within 5 days of the date such payment becomes due, shall bear interest at the
rate of twelve (12) percent per annum commencing on the date immediately
following the day upon which the payment was due. Upon the occurrence of any
event of default as defined herein, all sums outstanding under this Promissory
Note shall thereupon immediately bear interest at the rate of twelve (12)
percent per annum, without notice to the undersigned or any guarantor or
endorser of this Promissory Note, and without any affirmative action or
declaration on the part of Lender.

         This Promissory Note shall be construed and enforced according to the
laws of the State of New Jersey, excluding all principles of choice of laws,
conflict of laws or comity. Each person now or hereafter becoming obligated for
the payment of the indebtedness evidenced hereby expressly consents to personal
jurisdiction and venue of the Superior Court of New Jersey, sitting in Hudson
County, New Jersey and the United States District Court of New Jersey, sitting
in Newark, New Jersey, in the event of any litigation in any way arising out of
the loan evidenced hereby, or any property given as collateral for the loan.

         The terms of this promissory note may not be changed orally.

         BORROWER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES THE
RIGHT WHICH IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LITIGATION BASED
HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS PROMISSORY NOTE, OR

<PAGE>

ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR THE FINANCING
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY HERETO. THIS PROVISION IS A
MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE LENDER EXTENDING THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE.

                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIALLY LEFT BLANK]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, with the intent to be legally bound hereby, the
Company has executed this Promissory Note as of the date first written above.



                                         INNOVA HOLDINGS, INC.


                                         By:      /s/ Walter Weisel
                                            -----------------------------
                                         Name:    Walter Weisel
                                         Title:   Chief Executive Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
