<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MERGER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1
                                MERGER AGREEMENT







                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                                     BY AND
                                      AMONG


                               DELIVERY NOW CORP.
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION,
                             DLVN ACQUISITION, INC.,
                             A DELAWARE CORPORATION


                                       AND


                          CANONLINE GLOBAL MEDIA, INC.
                            A WASHINGTON CORPORATION


                                       23
<PAGE>

                         LIST OF SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS
                                       TO
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

SCHEDULES

Company  Disclosure  Schedule
CGMI  Disclosure  Schedule

EXHIBITS

Exhibit  6.1(a)(1)  Company  Certified  Resolutions
Exhibit  6.1(a)(2)  Acquisition  Certified  Resolutions
Exhibit  6.1(b)     Opinion  of  Counsel  to  the  Company
Exhibit  6.1(f)(1)  Company  Officer's  Certificate
Exhibit  6.1(f)(2)  Acquisition  Officer's  Certificate
Exhibit  6.2(a)     CGMI  Certified  Resolutions
Exhibit  6.2(b)     Opinion  of  CGMI  counsel
Exhibit  6.2(e)     CGMI  Officer's  Certificate


                                       24
<PAGE>

     AGREEMENT  AND  PLAN  OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of November 3,
2003,  by  and among Delivery Now Corp., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
DLVN  Acquisition,  Inc.,  a  Delaware corporation ("Acquisition") and CanOnline
Global  Media,  Inc.,  a  Washington  corporation  ("CGMI").

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS,  the  Company  and  CGMI desire to merge Acquisition with and into
CGMI  whereby  CGMI  shall  be  the  surviving  entity pursuant to the terms and
conditions  set  forth herein and whereby the transaction is intended to qualify
as  a tax free reorganization pursuant to Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "IRC"), to the extent permitted by applicable law;

     WHEREAS, in furtherance of such combination, the Boards of Directors of the
Company,  Acquisition and CGMI have each approved the merger of Acquisition with
and  into  CGMI (the "Merger"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth  herein,  in  accordance  with  the  applicable provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the "DGCL") and the Washington Business Corporation Act
(the  "WBCA").

     WHEREAS, the stockholders of CGMI desire to exchange all of their shares of
the  capital  stock of CGMI (the "CGMI Capital Stock") for shares of the capital
stock  of the Company (the "Company Capital Stock") as a tax free reorganization
pursuant  to  Section  368(a)  of the IRC, to the extent permitted by applicable
law;

     WHEREAS,  CGMI has issued 7.25% Convertible Debentures Due January 28, 2004
in  the  aggregate  principal  amount of Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000)
(the  "CGMI  Debentures")  are  convertible into shares of CGMI common stock par
value  $0.001  per  share (the "CGMI Common Stock") pursuant to the terms of the
CGMI  Debentures  and  the  Purchase  Agreement  (as defined below) and upon the
consummation  of the Merger CGMI Debentures in the aggregate principal amount of
Two Hundred Thousand ($200,000) will be convertible into an equivalent number of
shares  of the Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Company
Common  Stock")  (the  "Company  Underlying  Shares")  and  the  balance of CGMI
Debentures  in  the  aggregate principal amount of Four Hundred Thousand Dollars
($400,000)  will  be  redeemed  by  the  Company  sometime  after  the Merger is
consummated;

     WHEREAS,  CGMI  has  issued  and outstanding fourteen million eight hundred
eighty six thousand seven hundred and two (14,886,702) options to acquire shares
of  CGMI Common Stock (the "CGMI Options"), and the Company and CGMI desire that
upon  the  effectiveness  of  the Merger that the CGMI Options be converted into
options  to  acquire  Company  Common  Stock  (the  "Company  Options");

     WHEREAS,  upon the effectiveness of the Merger and pursuant to the terms of
this  Agreement,  the Company Underlying Shares will be substituted for the CGMI
Underlying  Shares,  the  Company  will  assume  the  obligations,  jointly  and
severally,  with  CGMI under the CGMI Debentures and the Company will assume the
obligations  of CGMI under that certain Convertible Debenture Purchase Agreement
dated  January  28,  2003 between CGMI and the Debenture Holders (the "Debenture
Holders")  (the  "Purchase Agreement") and CGMI will be released from certain of
such  obligations;  and


                                       25
<PAGE>

     WHEREAS, simultaneously with the Merger the Company desires to transfer all
of  the  capital  stock (the "BMW Capital Stock") of BMW Messenger Service, Inc.
("BMW"),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary of the Company, to Michael Conte and Brian
Seinwels (collectively, the "BMW Purchasers") in exchange for twenty two million
(22,000,000)  shares  of  Company  Capital  Stock  (the "BMW Purchasers' Company
Capital  Stock").

     NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and  agreements  herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties  agree  as  follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

     1.1  The  Merger.  At  the  Effective  Time  (as  hereinafter  defined) and
          -----------
subject  to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the DGCL and
WBCA,  Acquisition  shall  be  merged with and into CGMI pursuant to the Merger.
Following  the  Merger,  CGMI  shall  continue as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving  Corporation")  and  the  separate corporate existence of Acquisition
shall  cease.  As part of the Merger and as more fully described in Section 2.1,
(i)  the  sixty  six million four hundred sixty thousand three hundred forty six
(66,460,346)  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of  CGMI  Common  Stock shall be
exchanged  for  Company  Common  Stock at the Exchange Ratio (as defined below),
(ii)  the  CGMI  Options  shall  be exchanged for Company Options as provided in
section  2.8, and (ii) each share of Acquisition's issued and outstanding common
stock,  par  value  $.001  per  share (the "Acquisition Common Stock"), shall be
converted into one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of common
stock,  par  value  of  $.001  per  share,  of  the  Surviving  Corporation (the
"Surviving  Corporation  Common  Stock").

     1.2  Effective  Time.  The  Merger  shall  be  consummated  as  promptly
          ---------------
as  practicable  after  satisfaction  of  all conditions to the Merger set forth
herein,  by  filing  with  the  Secretary of State of the States of Delaware and
Washington  a certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger"), and all other
appropriate  documents,  executed  in accordance with the relevant provisions of
the  DGCL  and  WBCA.  The  Merger shall become effective upon the filing of the
Certificate  of  Merger.  The time of such filing shall be referred to herein as
the  "Effective  Time."

     1.3  Effects  of  the  Merger.  At  the  Effective  Time,  all  the rights,
          ------------------------
privileges,  immunities,  powers  and franchises of Acquisition and CGMI and all
property, real, personal and mixed, and every other interest of, or belonging to
or  due to each of Acquisition and CGMI shall vest in the Surviving Corporation,
and  all  debts,  liabilities,  obligations  and duties of Acquisition and CGMI,
including,  without limitation, the performance of all obligations and duties of
CGMI  pursuant  to the Purchase Agreement, the CGMI Debentures and the exhibits,
schedules  and  all  documents  executed  in  connection  therewith or any other
Transaction  Document  (as  defined in the Purchase Agreement), shall become the
debts,  liabilities, obligations and duties of the Surviving Corporation without
further  act  or  deed, all in the manner and to the full extent provided by the
DGCL  and  WBCA.  Whenever  a  conveyance,  assignment,  transfer, deed or other
instrument  or  act  is necessary to vest any property or right in the Surviving


                                       26
<PAGE>

Corporation,  the  directors  and  officers  of  the  respective  constituent
corporations shall execute, acknowledge and deliver such instruments and perform
such  acts,  for  which  purpose  the  separate  existence  of  the  constituent
corporations  and the authority of their respective directors and officers shall
continue,  notwithstanding  the  Merger.

     1.4  Certificate  of  Incorporation.  The  Certificate  of Incorporation of
          ----------------------------
CGMI,  as  in  effect  immediately  prior  to  the  Effective Time, shall be the
Certificate  of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and thereafter may be
amended  or  repealed  in  accordance  with  its  terms  and  applicable  law.

     1.5  By-Laws.  At  the Effective Time and without any further action on the
          -------
part  of  Acquisition  and CGMI, the By-laws of CGMI shall be the By-laws of the
Surviving  Corporation  and  thereafter may be amended or repealed in accordance
with  their  terms  or  the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  the  Surviving
Corporation  and  as  provided  by  law.

     1.6  Directors.  The  directors  of  CGMI Acquisition at the Effective Time
          ---------
shall  be the directors of DLVN and the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier
of  their  resignation  or removal or until their respective successors are duly
elected  and  qualified,  as  the  case  may  be.  The  directors  of  DLVN  and
Acquisition  immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time  shall  resign  at the
Effective  Time.

     1.7  Officers. The officers of CGMI Acquisition at the Effective Time shall
          --------
be  the  officers  of  DLVN  and the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of
their  resignation  or  removal  or  until  their respective successors are duly
appointed  and  qualified,  as  the  case  may  be.  The  officers  of  DLVN and
Acquisition  immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time  shall  resign  at the
Effective  Time.

     1.8  Tax-Free  Reorganization.  The parties intend that the Merger shall be
          ------------------------
treated  as  a tax-free reorganization pursuant to Section 368(a) of the IRC, to
the  extent  permitted  by  applicable  law.

     1.9  BMW  Sale.  Simultaneously with the Merger, the Company shall transfer
          ----------
the  BMW Capital Stock to the BMW Purchasers in exchange for the BMW Purchasers'
Company  Capital  Stock.

                                   ARTICLE II

           CONVERSION OF CGMI SHARES AND ASSUMPTION OF CGMI DEBENTURES

     2.1  Conversion  and  Cancellation  of  CGMI  Common  Stock.  As  of  the
          ------------------------------------------------------
Effective  Time,  by  virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the  Company,  Acquisition  or  CGMI or the holders of any shares of the capital
stock  of  Acquisition  or  CGMI:

          (a)     Subject  to the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5, each share
of  CGMI  Common  Stock  (the "CGMI Common Stock Shares") issued and outstanding


                                       27
<PAGE>

immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time  (other  than  shares  canceled  in
accordance  with  Section  2.1(b)),  shall be converted into 1.00 (the "Exchange
Ratio")  of  a  validly  issued,  fully  paid and nonassessable share of Company
Common  Stock  (the  "Company  Common Stock Shares").  As of the Effective Time,
each  CGMI  Common  Stock  Share  shall  no  longer  be  outstanding  and  shall
automatically  be  canceled and cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate
representing  any  CGMI  Common  Stock Share shall cease to have any rights with
respect  thereto  other than the right to receive Company Common Stock Shares to
be  issued  in  consideration  therefore upon the surrender of such certificate,
properly  endorsed  to  the  Company's  stock  transfer agent, Continental Stock
Transfer  and Trust Company (the "Transfer Agent"). Promptly after the Effective
Time,  CGMI  shall  deliver  to the Transfer Agent a complete list of the names,
addresses and holdings of each holder of CGMI Common Stock and CGMI Options. The
Company  shall  thereafter  instruct  the  Transfer  Agent  to  send a letter of
transmittal to all of such holders that will instruct all of such holders how to
surrender their holdings in exchange for Company Common Stock and how to receive
Company  Common  Stock  upon  the  exercise of CGMI Options. All of such holders
shall execute an agreement setting forth the same covenants, representations and
warranties  that  were  made  by  such holder when such holder acquired the CGMI
Common  Stock  and CGMI Options to confirm that such holder's receipt of Company
Common  Stock  and  Company  Options,  as  the  case  may be, is exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Each holder
of  a  certificate  representing any CGMI Common Stock Share shall cease to have
any  rights  with respect thereto other than the right to receive Company Common
Stock  Shares  to  be  issued  in  consideration  therefore.

          (b)     Each  share  of CGMI Capital Stock held in the treasury of the
CGMI  and each share of CGMI Capital Stock owned by Acquisition or Company shall
be canceled without any conversion thereof and no payment, distribution or other
consideration  shall  be  made  with  respect  thereto.

          (c)     Each  issued and outstanding share of Acquisition Common Stock
shall  be  converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share
of  Surviving  Corporation  Common  Stock.

     2.2  [Intentionally  left  blank].
           ----------------------------

     2.3  [Intentionally  left  blank].
          ----------------------------

     2.4     Adjustment  of  the Exchange Ratio. In the event that, prior to the
             ----------------------------------
Effective Time, any stock split, combination, reclassification or stock dividend
with  respect  to  the  Company Common Stock or CGMI Common Stock, any change or
conversion  of  Company  Common  Stock  or  CGMI Common Stock with or into other
securities  or  any  other  dividend or distribution with respect to the Company
Common  Stock  or  CGMI  Common  Stock  (other than regular quarterly dividends)
should  occur  or,  if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing should
occur,  appropriate  and proportionate adjustments shall be made to the Exchange
Ratio,  and thereafter all references to an Exchange Ratio shall be deemed to be
to  such  Exchange  Ratio  as  so  adjusted.

     2.5     No  Fractional  Shares.  No  certificates  or  scrip  representing
             ----------------------
fractional shares of Company Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for
exchange  of certificates and such fractional share shall not entitle the record
or  beneficial  owner thereof to vote or to any other rights as a stockholder of
the Company.  The number of shares of Company Common Stock to be issued shall be
rounded  up  to  the  nearest  whole  share.


                                       28
<PAGE>

     2.6     Further  Assurances.  If  at  any time after the Effective Time the
             -------------------
Surviving  Corporation  shall  consider  or  be advised that any deeds, bills of
sale,  assignments  or  assurances  or  any  other acts or things are necessary,
desirable  or proper (a) to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in
the  Surviving  Corporation, its right, title or interest in, to or under any of
the  rights, privileges, powers, franchises, properties or assets of either CGMI
or Acquisition or (b) otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the
Surviving  Corporation  and its proper officers and directors or their designees
shall  be  authorized  (to  the  fullest extent allowed under applicable law) to
execute  and  deliver, in the name and on behalf of either CGMI or Acquisition ,
all  such  deeds,  bills of sale, assignments and assurances and do, in the name
and  on behalf of CGMI or Acquisition, all such other acts and things necessary,
desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm its right, title or interest in,
to  or  under  any  of the rights, privileges, powers, franchises, properties or
assets  of  CGMI  or  Acquisition, as applicable, and otherwise to carry out the
purposes  of  this  Agreement.

     2.7     CGMI  Debentures.  (a)  As  of  the  Effective  Time,  the  Company
             ----------------
assumes,  jointly  and  severally  with  CGMI,  all  of  the  obligations  and
responsibilities  under the CGMI Debentures to the holder or holders of the CGMI
Debentures.

     (b)     At the Effective Time, (i) all references in the CGMI Debentures to
Company  Common Stock (as defined in the CGMI Debentures) shall be references to
Company  Common Stock (as defined herein) and (ii) all references to the Company
(as  defined  in  the  CGMI  Debentures) in the CGMI Debentures shall be read as
references  to  the  Company  (as defined herein) as if the CGMI Debentures were
issued  on  the date the CGMI Debentures were issued, by the Company (as defined
herein),  specifically including all calculations in the CGMI Debentures such as
the  determination  of  the  conversion  price,  the Conversion Price, the Fixed
Conversion  Price  and  the  Floating  Conversion Price.  The Exchange Ratio (as
defined  herein)  shall  have no effect on the CGMI Debentures or the assumption
thereof  by  the  Company  (as  defined  herein).

     (c)     At  the  Effective  Time,  CGMI  shall assign and the Company shall
assume  all  of CGMI's obligations and covenants under the Purchase Agreement as
if  the  Company  executed  the  Purchase  Agreement instead of CGMI on the date
thereof.  At  the  Effective  Time, all references to the Company (as defined in
the  Purchase  Agreement)  in  the Purchase Agreement shall mean the Company (as
defined  herein) and all references to dates or tolling of periods shall be read
as if the Company (as defined herein) executed the Purchase Agreement instead of
the  Company (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).  At the Effective Time, all
of  the  remedies  available  to  the  current  and  future  holders of the CGMI
Debentures  under  the Purchase Agreement against the Company (as defined in the
Purchase  Agreement) shall be available against the Company (as defined herein).

     (d)     The  provisions  described in this Section 2.7 shall not be amended
and  shall  be  in  effect  until  the  earlier  of (i) the date all of the CGMI
Convertible  Debentures have been converted into Company Common Stock Shares and
(ii)  six  (6)  years  from  the  date  the  CGMI  Debentures  were  issued.


                                       29
<PAGE>

     (e)     The  current  and  future  holders  of the CGMI Debentures shall be
third  party  beneficiaries  of  this  Agreement.  There shall be no other third
party  beneficiaries  to  this  Agreement  or  any  part  hereof.

     2.8     CGMI  Options.  At  the  Effective  Time, the CGMI Options shall be
             --------------
converted  into  Company Options as hereinafter provided. At the Effective Time,
each  unexercised  CGMI  Option  shall be converted into a Company Option on the
same  terms  and  conditions as the CGMI Options, and all references in the CGMI
Options  to  CGMI  Common  Stock  shall be deemed thereafter to be references to
Company  Common  Stock.  The Exchange Ratio shall apply to the shares of Company
Common  Stock  issuable  upon  the  exercise  of the CGMI Options that have been
converted  into  Company  Options.

     2.9  CGMI  Unvested  Shares. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, CGMI
          --------------------
has  taken  all  the  actions  necessary for all CGMI Unvested Shares (the "CGMI
Unvested Shares") to fully vest in the holders thereof. The CGMI Unvested Shares
are  treated  in  this  Agreement  for  all  purposes as if they were issued and
outstanding  shares  of  CGMI Common Stock as of the Effective Time and shall be
converted  into  Company  Common  Stock  as  provided  in  section  2.1  hereof.


                                   ARTICLE III

                                     CLOSING

     Subject  to  satisfaction  of  the  conditions to closing set forth in this
Agreement  and  unless this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with
the  provisions  contained herein, the closing of the Merger shall take place at
the  offices  of  Gottbetter  & Partners, LLP, 488 Madison Avenue, New York, New
York  as  promptly as practicable after satisfaction of the conditions set forth
in  this  Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     4.1     Representations and Warranties of the Company and Acquisition.
             -------------------------------------------------------------
Except  as  disclosed in the Reports (as defined below) or in a document of even
date  herewith referring to the representations and warranties in this Agreement
and  delivered  by  Company  to CGMI prior to the execution and delivery of this
Agreement  (the  "Company  Disclosure  Schedule"),  Acquisition  and the Company
hereby  make  the following representations and warranties to CGMI, all of which
shall  survive  the Closing, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.1
hereof:


                                       30
<PAGE>

     (a)     Organization  and Good Standing.  Acquisition is a corporation duly
             -------------------------------
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware,  with full corporate power and authority to conduct its business as it
is  now being conducted, to own or use the properties and assets that it owns or
uses, and to perform all its obligations under this Agreement.  The Company is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware, with full corporate power and authority to conduct its
business  as  it is now being conducted, to own or use the properties and assets
that  it  owns  or uses, and to perform all its obligations under this Agreement
and,  upon  the  Closing the CGMI Debentures.  Company has no subsidiaries other
than  Acquisition  and BMW and other than as set forth on the Company Disclosure
Schedule  (individually,  a  "Subsidiary" and collectively, the "Subsidiaries").
                              ----------                         ------------
Acquisition  has  no  subsidiaries.  Each of the Company and Acquisition is duly
qualified  to  do  business  and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in
each  jurisdiction  in which either the ownership or use of the properties owned
or  used  by  it, or the nature of the activities conducted by it, requires such
qualification,  except  for such failures to be so qualified or in good standing
would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect  as  defined  in  Section 4.1(f).

     (b)     Authority;  No  Conflict.
             ------------------------

     i.     This  Agreement and any agreement executed in connection herewith by
Company  or  Acquisition  constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Company and Acquisition, as the case may be, enforceable against the Company
and  Acquisition, as the case may be, in accordance with their respective terms,
except  as  such  enforceability  is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and other
laws affecting the rights of creditors and by general equitable principles.  The
Company  has  the absolute and unrestricted right, power, authority and capacity
to  execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and  any agreement executed by it in
connection  herewith  and  to  perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder.

     ii.  Neither  the  execution  and delivery of this Agreement by each of the
Company  and  Acquisition, nor the consummation or performance by each of any of
its respective obligations contained in this Agreement or in connection with the
Merger  will,  directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

        a.     contravene,  conflict  with  or  result in a violation of (x) any
provision  of  the  certificate of incorporation or by-laws (the "Organizational
Documents")  of  the  Company  or  Acquisition,  as  the case may be, or (y) any
resolution  adopted by the board of directors or the stockholders of the Company
or  Acquisition,  as  the  case  may  be;

        b.     contravene,  conflict with or result in a violation of, or give
any  governmental  body or other Person the right to challenge any of the Merger
or  to  exercise any remedy or obtain any relief under, any legal requirement or
any order to which the Company or Acquisition or any of the assets owned or used
by  the  Company  or  Acquisition  may  be  subject;

        c.     contravene,  conflict  with or result in a violation or breach of
any  provision of, or give any person the right to declare a default or exercise
any remedy under, or to accelerate the maturity or performance of, or to cancel,
terminate  or  modify,  this  Agreement,  the  CGMI  Debentures (once assumed by
Company)  or  any  contract  or  agreement  to which Company and Acquisition are
bound;


                                       31
<PAGE>

        d.     result  in  the  imposition  or  creation  of  any  material
encumbrance  upon or with respect to any of the material assets owned or used by
the  Company  or  Acquisition;

        e.     cause  the  Company  or  Acquisition to become subject to, or to
become  liable  for  the  payment  of,  any  tax;  or

        f.     cause  any  of the assets owned by the Company or Acquisition to
be  reassessed  or  revalued by any taxing authority or other governmental body,
except in connection with the transfer of real estate pursuant to this Agreement
or  the  Merger,  if  any.

     (c)     Capitalization.  The  capitalization of the Company as of September
             --------------
30,  2003  is as set forth in the Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2003
(the  "June  10-QSB"), increased as set forth in the next sentence.  The Company
has  not  issued  any  capital  stock since that date other than pursuant to (i)
employee  benefit plans disclosed in the Reports (as defined in Section 4.1(d)),
(ii)  outstanding warrants, options or other securities disclosed in the Reports
and  (iii) a 10:1 forward stock split that was effective as of October 10, 2003.
All  of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company Capital Stock have been
duly  authorized  and  validly  issued  and  are  fully paid and non-assessable.
Except  for  this  Agreement  and  as  disclosed  in  the  Reports, there are no
outstanding  options,  warrants,  script,  rights  to subscribe to, registration
rights,  calls  or  commitments  of  any  character  whatsoever  relating to, or
securities,  rights  or  obligations  convertible  into  or exchangeable for, or
giving  any  Person  any  right  to  subscribe for or acquire, any shares of the
Company Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements
by  which  the  Company  or  any  Subsidiary  is  or  may  become bound to issue
additional  shares  of  the  Company  Common  Stock,  or  securities  or  rights
convertible  or  exchangeable  into shares of the Company Common Stock.  None of
the  outstanding Company Capital Stock was issued in violation of the Securities
Act  of  1933  as  amended,  or  any  other  legal  requirement.

     (d)  Financial  Statements.  The Company has delivered or made available to
          ---------------------
CGMI copies of its Form 10-KSB Annual Report for the fiscal year ended September
30,  2002  and  copies  of  its quarterly reports on Form 10-QSB for the quarter
ended June 30, 2003, each as filed with the SEC and including, in each case, any
amendments  thereto  (collectively,  the  "Reports").  The  financial statements
contained  in  the  Reports  are in all material respects in accordance with the
books  and records of the Company and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP
applied  on  a  consistent  basis  throughout the periods indicated, all as more
particularly  set  forth  in  the  notes  to  such statements.  The consolidated
balance  sheets contained in such Reports (the "Company Balance Sheets") present
fairly  in  all  material  respects as of their dates the consolidated financial
condition  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries.  Except as and to the extent
reflected or reserved against in the Company Balance Sheets (including the notes
thereto),  the  Company did not have, as of the date of any such Company Balance
Sheet,  any  material  liabilities  or obligations (absolute or contingent) of a
nature  customarily  reflected  in  a  balance  sheet or the notes thereto.  The
consolidated  statements of operations, consolidated statements of stockholders'
equity  and  changes  in consolidated statements of cash flows present fairly in
all  material  respects  the  results  of  operations  and  changes in financial
position  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  for  the  periods indicated.


                                       32
<PAGE>

     (e)  SEC  Filings.  The  Company has filed all reports required to be filed
          ------------
with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission (the "SEC") under the rules and
regulations  of  the  SEC  and  all  such  reports have complied in all material
respects,  as  of their respective filing dates and effective dates, as the case
may  be,  with all the applicable requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.  As of the respective filing and effective dates, none of such
reports  (including  without  limitation,  the  Reports)  contained  any  untrue
statement  of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the  circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  not  misleading.

     (f)  Absence  of  Material  Adverse  Change.  Since  the date of the latest
          --------------------------------------
Company  Balance Sheets, there have been no events, changes or occurrences which
have  had  or are reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
material  adverse  effect  on  the  results  of operations, assets, prospects or
financial condition of the Company or Acquisition (a "Material Adverse Effect").

     (g)  Issuance  of  Company Securities. The Company Common Stock Shares, and
          ---------------------------------
when  issued in accordance with this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the CGMI
Debentures,  and the Company Underlying Shares shall be duly authorized, validly
issued,  fully-paid  and  nonassessable.  The  Company currently has, and at all
times  while  the  CGMI  Debentures  are  outstanding will maintain, an adequate
reserve  of  shares  of  the  Company  Common  Stock to enable it to perform its
obligations  under  this Agreement and the CGMI Debentures.  Except as set forth
in  the  Reports,  there  is no equity line of credit or convertible security or
instrument  outstanding  of  the  Company.

     (h)  Undisclosed  Liabilities.  Except as disclosed in any Schedule to this
          -------------------------
Agreement, none of the Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries has any material
obligations  and  liabilities (contingent or otherwise) except those liabilities
(i) that are reflected in the Company Balance Sheets or in the notes thereto, or
disclosed  in the notes therein in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles  ("GAAP")  or,  in  accordance  with  GAAP, are not required to be so
reflected or disclosed, or (ii) that were incurred after the date of the Company
Balance  Sheets  in the ordinary course of business, none of which results from,
arises  out  of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach of
contract,  breach  of warranty, tort, infringement, or violation of law or could
reasonably  be  expected  to  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (i)     Taxes.
             -----

     i.     The  Company  has  filed or caused to be filed on a timely basis all
tax  returns  that are or were required to be filed by it pursuant to applicable
legal requirements.  The Company has paid, or made provision for the payment of,
all  taxes  that  have  or  may have become due pursuant to those tax returns or
otherwise,  or  pursuant  to any assessment received by the Company, except such
taxes,  if  any,  as are listed in the Company Disclosure Schedule and are being
contested  in good faith as to which adequate reserves have been provided in the
Company  Balance  Sheets.


                                       33
<PAGE>

ii.     All  tax  returns filed by the Company are true, correct and complete in
all  material  respects.

     (j)     Employee Benefits.  Except as disclosed in the Reports, the Company
             -----------------
does  not  sponsor  or otherwise maintain a "pension plan" within the meaning of
Section 3(2) of ERISA or any other retirement plan other than the Company Profit
Sharing  and 401(k) Plan and Trust that is intended to qualify under Section 401
of  the  IRC, nor do any unfunded liabilities exist with respect to any employee
benefit  plan,  past  or  present.  No  employee benefit plan, any trust created
thereunder  or any trustee or administrator thereof has engaged in a "prohibited
transaction,"  as  defined in Section 4975 of the IRC, which may have a Material
Adverse  Effect.

     (k)  Governmental  Authorizations.  The  Company  and  Acquisition have all
          ----------------------------
permits  that  are  legally required to enable them to conduct their business in
all  material  respects  as  now  conducted.

     (l)     Legal  Proceedings;  Orders.
             ---------------------------

     i.     Except  as  set  forth  in the Reports, there is no material pending
legal  or  administrative  proceeding:

        a.     that has been commenced by or against the Company, Acquisition
or  the  Subsidiaries,  or any of the assets owned or used by, the Company,
Acquisition  or  the  Subsidiaries;  or

        b.     that  challenges,  or  that  may  have the effect of preventing,
delaying,  making  illegal,  or  otherwise  interfering  with  the  Merger.

     ii.     Except  as  set  forth  in  the  Reports:

        a.     there  is  no  material  order  to  which  the  Company or the
Subsidiaries,  or any of the assets owned or used by the Company, Acquisition or
the  Subsidiaries,  is  subject;  and

        b.     no  officer,  director,  agent,  or  employee of the Company or
Acquisition  is  subject  to  any  material  order  that prohibits such officer,
director, agent or employee from engaging in or continuing any conduct, activity
or  practice relating to the business of the Company or Acquisition, as the case
may  be.

     (m)     Absence  of Certain Changes and Events.  Except as set forth in the
             --------------------------------------
Reports,  since  the date of the most recent Company Balance Sheets, the Company
and  the  Subsidiaries  and  Acquisition,  since the date of its inception, have
conducted their business only in the ordinary course of business, and other than
as  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  or  the  Merger  there  has not been any:


                                       34
<PAGE>

     i.     change  in  the  authorized  or  issued Company Capital Stock or the
authorized or issued capital stock of Acquisition and the Subsidiaries; grant of
any  stock  option  or right to purchase shares of capital stock of the Company;
issuance  of  any equity lines of credit, security convertible into such capital
stock;  grant  of  any registration rights; purchase, redemption, retirement, or
other acquisition or payment of any dividend or other distribution or payment in
respect  of  shares  of  capital  stock;

     ii.  amendment  to the Organizational Documents of the Company, Acquisition
or  the  Subsidiaries;

     iii.  damage to or destruction or loss of any material asset or property of
the  Company,  Acquisition  or  the  Subsidiaries,  whether  or  not  covered by
insurance,  causing  a  Material  Adverse  Effect;

     iv.  receipt  of  notice  that  any  of  their  substantial  customers have
terminated  or  intends to terminate their relationship, which termination would
have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect;

     v.  entry  into  any  transaction  other  than  in  the  ordinary course of
business;

     vi. entry into, termination of, or receipt of written notice of termination
of  any  material  (i)  license,  distributorship, dealer, sales representative,
joint  venture,  credit,  or similar agreement, or (ii) contract or transaction;

     vii.  sale  (other  than  sales  of  inventory  in  the  ordinary course of
business),  lease, or other disposition of any asset or property of the Company,
Acquisition  or  the Subsidiaries or mortgage, pledge, or imposition of any lien
or  other  encumbrance  on  any  material  asset  or  property  of  the Company,
Acquisition  or  the  Subsidiaries;

     viii.  cancellation  or  waiver of any claims or rights with a value to the
Company  in  excess  of  $10,000;

     ix.  material  change  in  the  accounting  methods  used  by  the Company,
Acquisition  or  the  Subsidiaries;  or

     x.  agreement,  whether oral or written, by the Company, Acquisition or the
Subsidiaries  to  do  any  of  the  foregoing.

     (n)     No  Default  or  Violation.  The  Company,  Acquisition  and  the
             --------------------------
Subsidiaries  (i)  are in material compliance with all applicable material terms
and  requirements  of  each  material  contract under which they have or had any
obligation  or  liability or by which they or any of the assets owned or used by
them  is  or  was  bound  and  (ii)  is  not  in material violation of any legal
requirement.

     (o)  Certain  Payments.  Since  the most recent date of the Company Balance
          -----------------
Sheets,  neither the Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries, nor any director,
officer,  agent  or  employee of the Company or the Subsidiaries has directly or
indirectly  (a)  made  any  contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment,  kickback or other payment to any Person, private or public, regardless
of  form,  whether  in  money,  property  or  services  (i)  to obtain favorable
treatment in securing business, (ii) to pay for favorable treatment for business
secured,  (iii) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already
obtained,  for  or in respect of the Company, Acquisition or the Subsidiaries or
(iv) in violation of any legal requirement, or (b) established or maintained any
fund  or  asset  that  has  not  been  recorded  in the books and records of the
Company,  Acquisition  or  the  Subsidiaries.


                                       35
<PAGE>

     (p)  Brokers  or Finders. The Company and Acquisition have not incurred any
          --------------------
obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees
or  agents'  commissions  or  other  similar  payment  in  connection  with this
Agreement.

     4.2     Representations  and  Warranties  of  CGMI.  CGMI  hereby makes the
             ------------------------------------------
following  representations  and  warranties  to  the Company, all of which shall
survive the Closing, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.2 hereof:

     (a)     Organization,  Good  Standing  and  Purpose.  CGMI is a corporation
             -------------------------------------------
duly  organized,  validly  existing  and  in good standing under the laws of the
State  of  Washington with full power and authority to conduct its businesses as
it  is now being conducted, to own or use the properties and assets that it owns
or  uses,  and to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement.  CGMI has
no  subsidiaries except for CanOnline Media Corporation.  CGMI is duly qualified
to  do  business  and  is  in  good  standing  as  a foreign corporation in each
jurisdiction  in  which  either  the ownership or use of the properties owned or
used  by  it,  or  the  nature  of the activities conducted by it, requires such
qualification,  except  for such failures to be so qualified or in good standing
would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (b)     Authority;  No  Conflict.
             ------------------------

     i.     This  Agreement  and  any  agreement executed in connection herewith
have  been  duly  authorized  by  all required action of CGMI and constitute the
legal,  valid  and  binding  obligations  of  CGMI,  enforceable against CGMI in
accordance  with their respective terms.  CGMI has the absolute and unrestricted
right,  power  and  authority  to  execute  and  deliver  this Agreement and any
agreements  executed  in  connection  herewith  and  to  perform its obligations
hereunder  and  thereunder.

     ii  Neither  the  execution and delivery of this Agreement by CGMI, nor the
consummation  or  performance  by it of any of its obligations contained in this
Agreement  or  in  connection  with  the Merger by the Company will, directly or
indirectly  (with  or  without  notice  or  lapse  of  time):

        a.     contravene,  conflict  with or result in a violation of (x) any
provision  of the Organizational Documents of CGMI or (y) any resolution adopted
by  the  board  of  directors  or  the  stockholders  of  CGMI;

        b.     contravene,  conflict  with  or  result in a violation of, or
give  any  governmental  body  or other Person the right to challenge any of the
Merger  or  to  exercise  any  remedy  or  obtain  any  relief  under, any Legal
Requirement  or  any  Order  to which CGMI or any of the assets owned or used by
CGMI  may  be  subject;


                                       36
<PAGE>

        c.     contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of
any  provision of, or give any Person the right to declare a default or exercise
any remedy under, or to accelerate the maturity or performance of, or to cancel,
terminate or modify, this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the CGMI Debentures
or  any  Applicable  Contract;

          d.     result  in  the  imposition  or  creation  of  any  material
encumbrance  upon or with respect to any of the material assets owned or used by
CGMI;

          e.     cause  CGMI  to become subject to, or to become liable for the
payment  of,  any  tax;  or

     f.     cause  any  of the assets owned by CGMI to be reassessed or revalued
by  any  taxing  authority or other governmental body, except in connection with
the  transfer  of  real  estate  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  or  the  Merger.

     iii.  CGMI  is  not  required  to  obtain  any  consent  from any Person in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation
or  performance  of  any of the Merger, other than the requisite approval of its
stockholders  (the  "CGMI  Stockholder"),  which  approval  has  been  obtained.
                     -----------------

     (c)     Capitalization.  The  entire authorized CGMI Capital Stock consists
             --------------
of  300,000,000  shares CGMI Common Stock, of which 66,370,346 shares are issued
and  outstanding  and  held  by  the  CGMI Stockholders and 50,000,000 shares of
preferred  stock,  of  which  no  shares  are  issued and outstanding.  CGMI has
outstanding  14,886,702  CGMI  Options  to  acquire  CGMI common Stock. With the
exception  of  the  CGMI  Common  Stock  Shares,  the CGMI Options, and the CGMI
Debentures,  there  are  no  other  outstanding equity or debt securities of the
Company.  No legend or other reference to any purported encumbrance appears upon
any certificate representing the CGMI Common Stock Shares, other than applicable
Securities  Act legends.  The CGMI Common Stock Shares have been duly authorized
and  validly  issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  Except for the CGMI
Debentures  and  the  agreements  relating  thereto  set  forth  in the Purchase
Agreement,  there are no outstanding options, voting agreements or arrangements,
warrants,  script,  rights  to  subscribe  to,  registration  rights,  calls  or
commitments  of  any character whatsoever relating to, or, securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to  subscribe  for  or  acquire,  any  shares  of  CGMI  Capital  Stock or other
securities,  or contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements by which
CGMI  is or may become bound to issue additional shares of CGMI Capital Stock or
other  securities,  or  securities  or  rights  convertible or exchangeable into
shares  of  CGMI  Capital Stock or other securities. Except as set forth in this
Section  4.2(c), CGMI has no outstanding equity, debt, debt or equity equivalent
security,  or  debt  or  equity  lines  of credit.  None of the outstanding CGMI
Common  Stock Shares were issued in violation of the Securities Act or any other
legal  requirement.  CGMI  does  not  own,  and  has no contract to acquire, any
equity  securities  or  other securities of any Person or any direct or indirect
equity  or ownership interest in any other business.  The CGMI Underlying Shares
have  been  duly authorized, and when and if issued pursuant to the terms of the
Purchase  Agreement,  will  be  fully  paid  and  nonassessable.


                                       37
<PAGE>

     (d)  Financial  Statements.  CGMI  is  currently  undergoing  an  audit,
          ---------------------
accordingly,  until  the audit is duly completed CGMI is unable to has delivered
its financial statements to the Company. Upon completion of the audit, CGMI will
deliver  an  audited  balance  sheet  of CGMI as at December 31, 2002 (the "CGMI
Balance  Sheet"),  and  an  audited  statement of operations for the period from
inception  to  December  31,  2002.  Such  financial  statements  were are being
prepared  in  accordance  with GAAP, are set forth in Schedule 4.2(d) hereto and
will  fairly  present  the  financial condition and the results of operations of
CGMI  as at December 31, 2002 and for the period then ended.  A review of CGMI's
financial  statements  as at September 30, 2003 is also being prepared by CGMI's
auditors  and  will  be  delivered  to the Company once it is available to CGMI.

     (e)  Absence  of Material Adverse Change. Since the date of the most recent
          ------------------------------------
CGMI  Balance  Sheet  provided  under  Section 4.2(d) hereof, there have been no
events,  changes or occurrences which have had or are reasonably likely to have,
individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  a  material  adverse  effect  on  CGMI.

     (f)  Books  and  Records.  The books of account, minute books, stock record
          -------------------
books,  and  other records of CGMI, all of which have been made available to the
Company  and  original  copies  of which will be delivered to the Company at the
Closing,  are  complete  and correct and have been maintained in accordance with
sound  business  practices,  including  the maintenance of an adequate system of
internal  controls.  The  minute  books  of  CGMI  contain accurate and complete
records  of  all  meetings  held  of,  and  corporate  action  taken  by,  the
stockholders,  the  Board  of  Directors,  and  any  committees  of the Board of
Directors  of  CGMI.

     (g)  No Undisclosed Liabilities. There are no material liabilities of CGMI,
          ---------------------------
whether  absolute,  accrued,  contingent,  or  otherwise,  other  than  the CGMI
Debentures  and  as  set  forth  in  Schedule  4.2(g).

     (h)  Title  to Properties; Encumbrances. CGMI has good and marketable title
          -----------------------------------
to  all  the  properties,  interest  in  such  properties  and  assets, real and
personal, reflected in the CGMI Balance Sheet or acquired after the date of such
balance  sheet,  free  and  clear  of  all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or
encumbrances  except  (i)  mortgages  and  other encumbrances referred to in the
notes to the CGMI Balance Sheet.  CGMI neither does not owns nor leases any real
property.  CGMI  rents  a  single  office  in  Issaquah,  Washington.

     (i)     Legal  Proceedings;  Orders.
             ---------------------------

     i.     Except  as  set forth in Schedule 4.2(i) hereto, there is no pending
legal  or  administrative  proceeding:

        a.     that  has  been  commenced or threatened by or against CGMI or
any  of  its  officers, directors, agents or employees as such or that otherwise
relates to or may affect the business of, or any of the assets owned or used by,
     CGMI;  or

        b.     that  challenges, or that may have the effect of preventing,
delaying,  making  illegal,  or  otherwise  interfering  with,  any  Merger.


                                       38
<PAGE>

     ii.     Except  as  set  forth  in  Schedule  4.2(i)  hereto:

        a.     there is no order to which CGMI, or any of the assets owned or
     used  by  CGMI,  is  subject;  and

        b.     no  officer, director, agent, or employee of CGMI is subject
to  any  order  that  prohibits  such  officer, director, agent or employee from
engaging  in  or  continuing  any  conduct, activity or practice relating to the
business  of  CGMI.

     (j)     Brokers  or Finders.  CGMI has incurred no liability, contingent or
             -------------------
otherwise,  for  brokerage  or  finders'  fees  or  agents' commissions or other
similar  payment  in  connection  with  this  Agreement.

     (k)  No  Default  or Violation. Schedule 4.2(k) hereto lists each contract,
          --------------------------
agreement  and  commitment to which CGMI is a party or otherwise bound (each, an
"CGMI  Contract") or has any obligation or liability pursuant thereto.  CGMI (i)
is  in compliance with all terms and requirements of each CGMI Contract and (ii)
is  not  in  violation  of  any  legal  requirement  applicable  to  CGMI.

     (l)     Taxes.
             -----

     i.     CGMI  has  filed  or  caused  to  be filed on a timely basis all tax
returns that are or were required to be filed by it pursuant to applicable Legal
Requirements.  CGMI  has  paid,  or made provision for the payment of, all taxes
that  have or may have become due pursuant to those tax returns or otherwise, or
pursuant  to  any assessment received by CGMI, except such taxes, if any, as are
listed  in  Schedule  4.2(l)  hereto and are being contested in good faith as to
which  adequate  reserves  have  been  provided  in  the  CGMI  Balance  Sheets.

     ii.     All tax returns filed by CGMI are true, correct and complete in all
material  respects  and  no taxes are currently owed or tax returns due by or on
behalf  of  CGMI.

     (m)     Absence  of  Certain  Changes  and  Events.  Except as set forth in
             ------------------------------------------
Schedule  4.2(m)  hereto,  since  the  date  of the CGMI Balance Sheet, CGMI has
conducted  its  business  only in the Ordinary Course of Business, there has not
been any material adverse effect on CGMI's business or operations, and there has
not  been  any:

     i.     change  in  the authorized or issued capital stock of CGMI; grant of
any  stock option or right to purchase shares of capital stock of CGMI; issuance
of  any  security convertible into such capital stock; grant of any registration
rights; purchase, redemption, retirement, or other acquisition or payment of any
dividend or other distribution or payment in respect of shares of capital stock;

     ii.  amendment  to  the  Organizational  Documents  of  CGMI;

     iii.  damage  to  or  destruction or loss of any asset or property of CGMI,
whether  or  not  covered  by  insurance  or  any  other  event or circumstance,
materially  and  adversely affecting the properties, assets, business, financial
condition,  or  prospects  of  CGMI;


                                       39
<PAGE>

     iv. receipt of notice that any of its substantial customers have terminated
or  intends  to  terminate  their  relationship,  which termination would have a
material  adverse  effect  on  its  financial  condition, results or operations,
business  assets  or  properties  of  CGMI;

     v.  entry  into  any  transaction  other  than  in  the  ordinary course of
business;

     vi. entry into, termination of, or receipt of written notice of termination
of  any  (i)  license,  distributorship,  dealer,  sales  representative,  joint
venture,  credit,  or  similar  agreement,  or  (ii)  contract  or  transaction;

     vii.  sale  (other  than  sales  of  inventory  in  the  ordinary course of
business),  lease,  or  other  disposition  of  any asset or property of CGMI or
mortgage, pledge, or imposition of any lien or other encumbrance on any asset or
property  of  CGMI;

     viii.  cancellation  or waiver of any claims or rights with a value to CGMI
in  excess  of  $10,000;

     ix.  material  change  in  the  accounting  methods  used  by  CGMI;

     x.  accrual  or  payment of any salaries or other compensation, increase in
salaries,  compensation  or bonuses or retention or hiring of, any consultant or
employee;

     xi.  debt  or  other liability incurred, other than the CGMI Debentures; or

     xii.  agreement,  whether  oral  or  written,  by  CGMI  to  do  any of the
foregoing.

     (n)     Compliance  with  Law.  Except  as  set  forth  in  Schedule 4.2(n)
             ---------------------
hereto:

     i.     CGMI  has  complied  in  all  material  respects with, and is not in
violation  of,  in  any material respect, any Law to which it or its business is
subject;  and

     ii.     CGMI  has  obtained  all  licenses,  permits, certificates or other
governmental  authorizations  (collectively  "Authorizations") necessary for the
ownership  or  use  of its assets and properties or the conduct of its business;
and

     iii. CGMI has not received written notice of violation of, or knows of any
material  violation  of,  any Laws to which it or its business is subject or any
Authorization necessary for the ownership or use of its assets and properties or
the  conduct  of  its  business.

     (o)  Environmental  Laws.  CGMI  has  not  received  any  notice  or  claim
          -------------------
(and  is  not  aware  of  any  facts  that would form a reasonable basis for any
claim),  or  entered  into any negotiations or agreements with any other person,
and, to the best knowledge of CGMI, CGMI is not the subject of any investigation


                                       40
<PAGE>

by  any  governmental  or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, relating to
any  material  or  potentially  material  liability or remedial action under any
environmental  laws.  There  are  no  pending  or,  to  the  knowledge  of CGMI,
threatened, actions, suits or proceedings against CGMI or any of its properties,
assets  or  operations  asserting  any  such  material  liability or seeking any
material  remedial  action  in  connection  with  any  environmental  laws.

     (p)  Intellectual  Property.  (i)  CGMI  owns,  or  is  validly  licensed
          ----------------------
or  otherwise  has  the right to use, all patents, and patent rights ("Patents")
and  all  trademarks,  trade  secrets, trademark rights, trade names, trade name
rights,  service  marks,  service  mark rights, copyrights and other proprietary
intellectual  property  rights and computer programs (the "Intellectual Property
Rights"),  in  each  case,  which are material to the conduct of the business of
CGMI.

     ii.     To  the  best  knowledge  of  CGMI,  CGMI has not interfered with,
infringed  upon (without license to infringe), misappropriated or otherwise come
into conflict with any Patent of any other Person. CGMI has not interfered with,
infringed  upon,  misappropriated  or  otherwise  come  into  conflict  with any
Intellectual  Property  Rights  of  any  other Person. CGMI has not received any
written  charge,  complaint,  claim,  demand  or  notice  alleging  any  such
interference, infringement, appropriation or violation (including any claim that
CGMI  must  license  or  refrain from using any Patents or Intellectual Property
Rights  of  any  other  Person)  which  has  not been settled or otherwise fully
resolved.  To  the  best knowledge of CGMI, no other Person has interfered with,
infringed  upon (without license to infringe), misappropriated or otherwise come
into  conflict  with  any  Patents  or  Intellectual  Property  Rights  of CGMI.

     (q)     Employees.  (a)  CGMI  has  complied  in  all  respects  with  all
             ---------
applicable  Laws  respecting  employment  and  employment  practices,  terms and
conditions  of  employment,  wages  and  hours,  and  CGMI is not liable for any
arrears  of  wages or any taxes or penalties for failure to comply with any such
Laws;  (b)  CGMI  believes  that  CGMI's  relations  with  its  employees  is
satisfactory;  (c)  there are no controversies pending or, to the best knowledge
of  CGMI,  threatened between CGMI and any of its employees or former employees;
(d)  CGMI  is  not a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor
union  contract  applicable  to  persons  employed  by  CGMI,  nor,  to the best
knowledge of CGMI, are there any activities or proceedings of any labor union to
organize  any  such employees; (e) there are no unfair labor practice complaints
pending  against  CGMI  before the National Labor Relations Board or any current
union  representation  questions  involving  employees  of CGMI; (f) there is no
strike,  slowdown,  work stoppage or lockout existing, or, to the best knowledge
of CGMI, threatened, by or with respect to any employees of CGMI; (g) no charges
are  pending  before  the  Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any state,
local  or  foreign  agency responsible for the prevention of unlawful employment
practices  with  respect  to  CGMI; (h) there are no claims pending against CGMI
before  any  workers'  compensation board; (i) CGMI has not received notice that
any  Federal,  state, local or foreign agency responsible for the enforcement of
labor  or  employment laws intends to conduct an investigation of or relating to
CGMI  and,  to the best knowledge of CGMI, no such investigation is in progress;
and  (j)  CGMI  has  no  consultants  or  independent  contractors.

     (r)  Employee  Benefit Plans. There no "employee pension benefit plans" (as
          ------------------------
defined  in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended ("ERISA")) or "employee welfare benefit plans" (as defined in Section
3(1)  of  ERISA)  maintained,  or contributed to, by CGMI for the benefit of any
current  or  any  former  employees,  officers  or  directors  of  CGMI.


                                       41
<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE V

                                    COVENANTS

5.1     Covenants  of  the  Company  and  Acquisition.
        ---------------------------------------------

     (a)     Conduct  of  Business.  Between  the  date  hereof  and  up  to and
             ---------------------
including  the  Closing  Date,  each  of  the  Company  and  Acquisition  shall:

     i.     conduct  its  business  only  in  the  ordinary  course of business;

     ii.  use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the current
business  organization  of the Company and Acquisition, as the case may be, keep
available  the  services  of  the  current officers, employees and agents of the
Company and Acquisition, as the case may be, and maintain the relations and good
will  with  suppliers,  customers,  landlords,  creditors, employees, agents and
others  having  business  relationships with the Company and Acquisition, as the
case  may  be;

     iii.  not pay, incur or declare any dividends or distributions with respect
to  its  stockholders  or  amend  its  Certificate  of Incorporation or By-Laws;

     iv.  not  authorize,  issue,  sell,  purchase  or  redeem any shares of its
capital  stock  or  any options or other rights to acquire ownerships interests;

     v.  not  incur  any  indebtedness  for  money  borrowed  or  issue any debt
securities, or incur or suffer to be incurred any liability or obligation of any
nature  whatsoever, except those incurred in the ordinary course of business, or
cause  or  permit  any  material  lien,  encumbrance  or security interest to be
created  or  arise on or in respect of any material portion of its properties or
assets;

     vi.  not  make any investment of a capital nature either by purchased stock
or  securities,  contribution  to capital, property transfer or otherwise, or by
the  purchase  of  any  property  or  assets  of  any  other  Person;

     vii.  not do any other act which would cause any representation or warranty
of  the Company in this Agreement to be or become untrue in any material respect
or  that  is  not  in  the  Ordinary  Course  of  Business;

      (b)     Proposals;  Other  Offers.  Commencing on the date of execution of
              -------------------------
this  Agreement  up  to  and including the Closing Date, each of the Company and
Acquisition  shall  not,  directly or indirectly (whether through an employee, a
representative,  an  agent  or otherwise), solicit or encourage any inquiries or
proposals,  engage in negotiations for or consent to or enter into any agreement
providing  for  the  acquisition  of  its  business.  Each  of  the  Company and
Acquisition  shall  not,  directly or indirectly (whether through an employee, a
representative,  an  agent  or  otherwise)  disclose  any  nonpublic information
relating  to  the  Company and Acquisition or afford access to any of the books,


                                       42
<PAGE>

records  or  other  properties  of  the Company and Acquisition to any person or
entity  that  is  considering,  has considered or is making any such acquisition
inquiry  or  proposal  relating  to  the  Company's  and Acquisition's business.

     (c)  Further Assurances. Prior to the Closing Date, with the cooperation of
          -------------------
CGMI  where  appropriate,  each  of  the  Company  and  Acquisition  shall  use
commercially  reasonable  efforts  to:

     i.     promptly comply with all filing requirements which federal, state or
local  law  may  impose  on the Company or Acquisition, as the case may be, with
respect  to  the  Merger  and  this  Agreement;  and

     ii.  take all actions necessary to be taken, make any filing and obtain any
consent,  authorization  or  approval  of  or  exemption  by  any  governmental
authority,  regulatory  agency  or  any  other  third  party  (including without
limitation,  any  landlord  or  lessor  of  the  Company  and  any party to whom
notification  is  required  to  be delivered or from whom any form of consent is
required)  which  is  required  to  be  filed  or  obtained  by  the  Company or
Acquisition  in  connection  with  the  Merger  by  this  Agreement.

5.2     Covenants  of  CGMI.
        -------------------

     (a)     Conduct  of  Business.  Between  the  date  hereof  and  up  to and
             ---------------------
including  the  Closing  Date,  CGMI  shall:

     i.     conduct  its  business  only  in  the  Ordinary  Course of Business;

     ii.  use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact the current
business  organization  of  CGMI,  keep  available  the  services of the current
officers, employees and agents of CGMI, and maintain the relations and good will
with  suppliers,  customers,  landlords, creditors, employees, agents and others
having  business  relationships  with  CGMI;

     iii.  not pay, incur or declare any dividends or distributions with respect
to  its  stockholders  or  amend  its  Certificate  of Incorporation or By-Laws;

     iv.  not  authorize,  issue,  sell,  purchase  or  redeem any shares of its
capital  stock  or  any options or other rights to acquire ownerships interests;

     v.  not  incur  any  indebtedness  for  money  borrowed  or  issue and debt
securities, or incur or suffer to be incurred any liability or obligation of any
nature whatsoever, or cause or permit any material lien, encumbrance or security
interest  to be created or arise on or in respect of any material portion of its
properties  or  assets;

     vi.  not  make any investment of a capital nature either by purchased stock
or  securities,  contribution  to capital, property transfer or otherwise, or by
the  purchase  of  any  property  or  assets  of  any  other  person;


                                       43
<PAGE>

     vii.  not  do any other act which would cause representation or warranty of
CGMI in this Agreement to be or become untrue in any material respect or that is
not  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  consistent  with  past  practice;

     (b)     Proposals;  Other  Offers.  Commencing  on the date of execution of
             -------------------------
this  Agreement through the Closing Date, CGMI shall not, directly or indirectly
(whether  through an employee, a representative, an agent or otherwise), solicit
or  encourage  any inquiries or proposals, engage in negotiations for or consent
to  or  enter  into any agreement providing for the acquisition of its business.
CGMI  shall  not,  directly  or  indirectly  (whether  through  an  employee,  a
representative,  an  agent  or  otherwise)  disclose  any  nonpublic information
relating  to  CGMI  or  afford  access  to  any  of  the books, records or other
properties  of  CGMI to any person or entity that is considering, has considered
or  is  making  any  such acquisition inquiry or proposal relating to the CGMI's
business.

     (c)  Further Assurances. Prior to the Closing Date, with the cooperation of
          -------------------
the  Company  where  appropriate,  CGMI  shall:

     i.     promptly comply with all filing requirements which federal, state or
local  law  may impose on CGMI with respect to the Merger and this Agreement and
cooperate  with  the  Company  regarding  the  same;  and

     ii.  take all actions necessary to be taken, make any filing and obtain any
consent,  authorization  or  approval  of  or  exemption  by  any  governmental
authority,  regulatory  agency  or  any  other  third  party  (including without
limitation, any landlord or lessor of CGMI and any party to whom notification is
required  to be delivered or from whom any form of consent is required) which is
required  to be filed or obtained by CGMI in connection with the Merger and this
Agreement.

     (d)     Actions  by  CGMI.  CGMI  shall  take  no  action or enter into any
             -----------------
agreements  or  arrangements  except  as  may  be  required  by  this Agreement.

     (e) No Change in Capital Stock. Prior to the Effective Time, no change will
         --------------------------
be  made  in the authorized, issued or outstanding capital stock of CGMI, and no
subscriptions,  options,  rights,  warrants,  calls,  commitments  or agreements
relating  to the authorized, issued or outstanding capital stock of CGMI will be
entered  into,  issued,  granted  or  created.

     (f)  Access  to Additional Agreements and Information. Prior to the Closing
          -------------------------------------------------
Date,  CGMI  shall  make  available  to  the  Company  (as  well as its counsel,
accountants  and  other  representatives)  any  and  all  agreements, contracts,
documents,  other  instruments  and  personnel  material  of  CGMI's  business,
including without limitation, those contracts to which CGMI is a party and those
by  which  its  business  or  any  of  CGMI's  assets  are  bound.

     (g)  Further Assurances. Prior to the Closing Date, with the cooperation of
          -------------------
the  Company  where  appropriate, CGMI shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to:

     i.     promptly comply with all filing requirements which federal, state or
local  law may impose on CGMI with respect to the Merger and this Agreement; and


                                       44
<PAGE>

     ii.     take  all actions necessary to be taken, make any filing and obtain
any  consent,  authorization  or  approval  of  or exemption by any governmental
authority,  regulatory  agency  or  any  other  third  party  (including without
limitation, any landlord or lessor of CGMI and any party to whom notification is
required  to be delivered or from whom any form of consent is required) which is
required  to be filed or obtained by CGMI in connection with the Merger and this
Agreement.

     5.3     Governmental  Filings  and  Consents.  The Company, Acquisition and
             ------------------------------------
CGMI  shall  cooperate  with  one  another in filing any necessary applications,
reports  or  other  documents with any federal or state agencies, authorities or
bodies  having  jurisdiction  with  respect  to  the  business  of  the Company,
Acquisition  or  CGMI  and  in  seeking  any necessary approval, consultation or
prompt  favorable  action  of,  with  or by any of such agencies, authorities or
bodies.

     5.4  Publicity.  Any  public announcement or press release relating to this
          ---------
Agreement  or  the  Merger  must  be approved by CGMI and the Company in writing
before  being  made  or  released.  The  Company shall have the right to issue a
press release or make other disclosure without CGMI's written approval if in the
opinion  of the Company's counsel such a release is necessary to comply with SEC
Rules  and Regulations or other Law; provided that, CGMI receives a copy of such
                                     -------- ----
prepared  press  release or other disclosures for purposes of review at least 24
hours  before  it  is  issued.  This  24  hour period may be shortened if in the
opinion  of the Company's counsel it is required by Law; provided that, the CGMI
                                                         -------- ----
Debenture  Holder  and  the  Company  receives a copy of such release as long as
reasonably  practical  before  it  is  issued.

     5.5  Tax  Returns. The current officers of the Company shall have the right
          ------------
to  prepare  any tax returns of the Company with respect to any period that ends
on  or  before  the Closing Date.  Such tax returns shall be timely filed by the
Company.  CGMI shall cooperate with said officers in the preparation of such tax
returns.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                   CONDITIONS

     6.1     Conditions  to  Obligations  of  CGMI.  The  obligation  of CGMI to
             -------------------------------------
consummate  the  Merger  is  subject to the fulfillment of each of the following
conditions,  any  of  which  may  be  waived  by  CGMI  in  its sole discretion:

     (a)  Copies  of  Resolutions.  At  the  Closing  (i) the Company shall have
          -----------------------
furnished  CGMI  with a certificate of its CEO or President, as the case may be,
in  the  form  of  EXHIBIT  6.1(A)(1)  annexed  hereto, certifying that attached
                   ------------------
thereto  are copies of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors of the
Company  authorizing  the  execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and  all  other  necessary  or  proper corporate action to enable the Company to
comply  with  the  terms  of  this  Agreement  and  (ii)  Acquisition shall have
furnished  CGMI  with a certificate of its CEO or President, as the case may be,
in  the  form  of  EXHIBIT  6.1(A)(2)  annexed  hereto, certifying that attached
                   ------------------
thereto  are  copies  of  resolutions  duly adopted by the board of directors of
Acquisition  authorizing  the  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of  this
Agreement  and  all  other  necessary  or  proper  corporate  action  to  enable
Acquisition  to  comply  with  the  terms  of  this  Agreement.


                                       45
<PAGE>

     (b) Opinion of Company's Counsel. The Company shall have furnished to CGMI,
          ----------------------------
at  the  Closing, an opinion of its legal counsel, dated as of the Closing Date,
substantially  in  the  form  of  EXHIBIT  6.1(B)  annexed  hereto.
                                  ---------------

     (c)  [Intentionally  omitted].
           -----------------------

     (d)  [Intentionally  omitted]
          ------------------------

     (e)  Accuracy  of Representations and Warranties; Performance of Covenants.
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Each  of  the  representations and warranties of the Company and Acquisition set
forth  in this Agreement was true, correct and complete in all material respects
when made (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific
date,  which  representations and warranties shall be true, correct and complete
in  all  material  respects as of such date) and shall also be true, correct and
complete  in  all  material  respects  at and as of the Closing Date (except for
representations  and  warranties  that  speak  as  of  a  specific  date,  which
representations  and  warranties  shall  be  true,  correct  and complete in all
material respects as of such date), with the same force and effect as if made at
and  as  of  the Closing Date.  The Company shall have performed and complied in
all  material  respects  with  all  agreements  and  covenants  required by this
Agreement  to  be  performed  by  the Company and Acquisition at or prior to the
Closing  Date.

     (f) Delivery of Certificate. (A) The Company shall have delivered to CGMI a
          -----------------------
certificate,  in the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(F)(1) annexed hereto, dated the Closing
                             -----------------
Date,  and  signed  by  the  CEO  or President of the Company affirming that the
representations  and  warranties  as set forth in Section 4.1 were and are true,
correct  and  complete  as  required by Section 6.1(e) and (B) Acquisition shall
have  delivered  to CGMI a certificate, in the form of EXHIBIT 6.1(F)(2) annexed
                                                       -----------------
hereto,  dated  the  Closing  Date,  and  signed  by  the  CEO  or  President of
Acquisition  affirming  that  the representations and warranties as set forth in
Section  4.1  were  and  are  true,  correct and complete as required by Section
6.1(e).

     (g)  Consents  and Waivers. At the Closing, any and all necessary consents,
          ----------------------
authorizations, orders or approvals shall have been obtained, except as the same
shall  have  been  waived  by  CGMI.

     (h)  Litigation.  On  the  Closing  Date,  there  shall  be  no  effective
          ----------
injunction,  writ  or  preliminary  restraining  order  or any order of any kind
whatsoever  with respect to the Company issued by a court or governmental agency
(or  other  governmental  or  regulatory  authority)  of  competent jurisdiction
restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger or making consummation
thereof unduly burdensome to CGMI.  On the Closing Date and immediately prior to
consummation  of the Merger, no proceeding or lawsuit shall have been commenced,
be  pending  or have been threatened by any governmental or regulatory agency or
authority or any other Person restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the
Merger.

     (i) Delivery of Documents and Other Information. Prior to the Closing Date,
          -------------------------------------------
the  Company  and Acquisition shall have made available or delivered to CGMI all
of the agreements, contracts, documents and other instruments requested by CGMI.


                                       46
<PAGE>

     6.2  Conditions  to  Obligations  of  the  Company  and  Acquisition.  The
          ---------------------------------------------------------------
obligations  of  the Company and Acquisition to consummate the Merger is subject
to  the  fulfillment  of  each  of the following conditions, any of which may be
waived  by  the  Company  and  Acquisition,  in  their  sole  discretion:

     (a)  Copies  of  Resolutions. At the Closing, CGMI shall have furnished the
          -----------------------
Company  with  a  certificate  of  its  President, in the form of EXHIBIT 6.2(A)
                                                                  --------------
annexed  hereto, certifying that attached thereto are copies of resolutions duly
adopted  by  the  board of directors of CGMI authorizing the execution, delivery
and performance of the terms of this Agreement and all other necessary or proper
corporate  action  to  enable  CGMI  to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

     (b) Opinion of CGMI's Counsel. CGMI shall have furnished to the Company, at
          -------------------------
the  Closing,  with an opinion of counsel to CGMI, dated as of the Closing Date,
substantially  in  the  form  of  EXHIBIT  6.2(B)  annexed  hereto.
                                  ---------------

     (c)  [Intentionally  omitted].
          -----------------------

     (d)  Accuracy  of Representations and Warranties; Performance of Covenants.
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Each  of  the  representations  and  warranties  of  CGMI  was true, correct and
complete  in  all  material  respects  when made (except for representations and
warranties  that  speak  as  of  a  specific  date,  which  representations  and
warranties  shall  be  true, correct and complete in all material respects as of
such date) and shall also be true, correct and complete in all material respects
at  and  as  of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that
speak as of a specific date, which representations and warranties shall be true,
correct  and  complete  in all material respects as of such date), with the same
force  and  effect  as  if  made at and as of the Closing Date.  CGMI shall have
performed  and  complied  in  all  material  respects  with  all  agreements and
covenants  required by this Agreement to be performed by CGMI at or prior to the
Closing  Date.

     (e)  Delivery  of  Certificate.  CGMI shall have delivered to the Company a
          -------------------------
certificate,  in  the  form  of EXHIBIT 6.2(E) annexed hereto, dated the Closing
                                --------------
Date  and  signed  by  the  CEO  or  President  of  CGMI,  affirming  that  the
representations  and warranties of CGMI as set forth in Section 4.2 were and are
true,  correct  and  complete  and  CGMI's  agreements  and  covenants have been
performed  as  required  by  Section  6.2(d).

     (f)  [Intentionally  omitted].
          ------------------------

     (g)  Consents  and  Waivers.  On  or prior to the Closing Date, any and all
          ----------------------
necessary  consents,  authorizations,  orders  or  approvals  shall  have  been
obtained,  except  as  the  same  shall  have  been  waived  by  the  Company.

     (h)  Litigation.  On  the  Closing  Date,  there  shall  be  no  effective
          ----------
injunction,  writ  or  preliminary  restraining  order  or any order of any kind
whatsoever  with  respect  to  CGMI issued by a court or governmental agency (or
other  governmental  or  regulatory  authority)  of  competent  jurisdiction
restraining  or  prohibiting  the  consummation  of  the  Merger  or  making the
consummation  thereof  unduly burdensome to the Company or CGMI.  On the Closing
Date,  no  proceeding  or  lawsuit  shall  have been commenced, threatened or be
pending  or  by  any governmental or regulatory agency or authority or any other
person  with  respect  to  the  Merger.


                                       47
<PAGE>

     (i) Delivery of Documents and Other Information. Prior to the Closing Date,
          -------------------------------------------
CGMI  shall  have  made  available  or  delivered  to  the  Company  all  of the
agreements,  contracts, documents and other instruments required to be delivered
pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  this  Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION

     7.1     Termination  by Mutual Agreement.  This Agreement may be terminated
             --------------------------------
at  any time by mutual consent of the parties hereto, provided that such consent
to  terminate  is  in  writing  and  is  signed  by  each of the parties hereto.

     7.2 Termination for Failure to Close. This Agreement shall be automatically
          --------------------------------
terminated  if  the  Closing shall not have occurred within ten (10) days of the
date  hereof  (except  if  such  10th  day  is not a Business Day, then the next
Business  Day).

     7.3  Termination  by  Operation of Law. This Agreement may be terminated by
          ----------------------------------
any  party hereto if there shall be any statute, rule or regulation that renders
consummation  of  the  Merger  illegal  or  otherwise  prohibited, or a court of
competent  jurisdiction or any government (or governmental authority) shall have
issued  an  order,  decree or ruling, or has taken any other action restraining,
enjoining  or  otherwise  prohibiting  the consummation of such transactions and
such  order,  decree,  ruling  or  other  action  shall  have  become  final and
nonappealable.

     7.4  Termination  for  Failure  to  Perform  Covenants  or Conditions. This
          -----------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement  may  be  terminated  prior  to  the  Closing  Date:

     (a)  by CGMI if: (i) any of the representations and warranties made in this
Agreement  by  the  Company  or  Acquisition  shall  not  be materially true and
correct, when made or at any time prior to consummation of the Merger as if made
at  and  as  of  such  time; (ii) any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1
hereof  have  not  been  fulfilled in all material respects by the Closing Date;
(iii)  the Company or Acquisition shall have failed to observe or perform any of
its  material  obligations  under this Agreement; or (iv) as otherwise set forth
herein;  or

     (b)  by  the  Company or Acquisition if: (i) any of the representations and
warranties  of  CGMI  or  the  CGMI Stockholder shall not be materially true and
correct  when made or at any time prior to consummation of the Merger as if made
at  and  as  of  such  time; (ii) any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2
hereof  have  not  been  fulfilled in all material respects by the Closing Date;
(iii)  CGMI  shall  have  failed  to  observe  or  perform any of their material
respective  obligations  under  this  Agreement;  or (iv) as otherwise set forth
herein.

     7.5 Effect of Termination or Default; Remedies. In the event of termination
          ------------------------------------------
of this Agreement as set forth above, this Agreement shall forthwith become void
and  there  shall be no liability on the part of any party hereto, provided that
such  party  is  a Non-Defaulting Party (as defined below).  The foregoing shall
not  relieve  any party from liability for damages actually incurred as a result
of  such  party's  breach  of  any  term  or  provision  of  this  Agreement.


                                       48
<PAGE>

     7.6  Remedies; Specific Performance. In the event that any party shall fail
          -------------------------------
or  refuse  to  consummate  the  Merger  or if any default under or beach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or condition of this Agreement on the part of
any  party  (the  "Defaulting  Party")  shall  have occurred that results in the
failure  to  consummate  the  Merger,  then  in  addition  to the other remedies
provided  herein, the non-defaulting party (the "Non-Defaulting Party") shall be
entitled to seek and obtain money damages from the Defaulting Party, or may seek
to  obtain an order of specific performance thereof against the Defaulting Party
from  a  court of competent jurisdiction, provided that the Non-Defaulting Party
seeking  such protection must file its request with such court within forty-five
(45)  days  after  it  becomes aware of the Defaulting Party's failure, refusal,
default  or  breach.  In addition, the Non-Defaulting Party shall be entitled to
obtain  from  the  Defaulting  Party  court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees
incurred  in  connection with or in pursuit of enforcing the rights and remedies
provided  hereunder.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                            SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION

     8.1     Survival  of  Representations  and  Warranties of the Company.  All
             -------------------------------------------------------------
representations  and  warranties  of the Company shall survive the execution and
delivery  of  this  Agreement  and  the  Closing  hereunder and shall thereafter
survive until the first anniversary of the Closing Date and shall then terminate
except  to  the  extent that notice of the Company's or Acquisition liability in
respect  of  any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty shall
have  been  given  on  or  prior  to  such  date.

     8.2 Survival of Representations and Warranties of CGMI. All representations
          --------------------------------------------------
and  warranties  of  CGMI  shall  survive  the  execution  and  delivery of this
Agreement and the Closing hereunder and shall thereafter survive until the first
anniversary  of  the  Closing Date and shall then terminate except to the extent
that notice of CGMI's liability in respect of any inaccuracy in or breach of any
representation  or  warranty  shall  have  been  given on or prior to such date.

     8.3  Obligation  of  the  Company  to  Indemnify.  The  Company  agrees  to
          -------------------------------------------
indemnify,  defend  and  hold  harmless  CGMI  (and  its  directors,  officers,
employees,  affiliates,  stockholders,  debenture  holders,  agents,  attorneys,
successors  and  assigns)  from  and  against  all losses, liabilities, damages,
deficiencies,  costs  or  expenses (including interest, penalties and reasonable
attorneys'  and  consultants'  fees  and disbursements) (collectively, "Losses")
based  upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i) inaccuracy in any
representation  or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement or in the
Schedules  and  Exhibits hereto or (ii) breach by the Company of any covenant or
agreement  contained  in  this  Agreement.

     8.4  Obligation  of and CGMI to Indemnify. CGMI agrees to indemnify, defend
          -------------------------------------
and  hold  harmless  the  Company  (and  its  directors,  officers,  employees,
affiliates,  stockholders,  agents,  attorneys, successors and assigns) from and
against any Losses based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any (i)
inaccuracy in any representation or warranty of CGMI contained in this Agreement
or  in  the Schedules and Exhibits hereto or (ii) breach by CGMI of any covenant
or  agreement  contained  in  this  Agreement.


                                       49
<PAGE>

     8.5  Notice  and  Opportunity  to Defend. (a) Promptly after receipt by any
          -----------------------------------
Person entitled to indemnity under this Agreement (an "Indemnitee") of notice of
any demand, claim or circumstances which, with the lapse of time, would or might
give  rise  to  a  claim or the commencement (or threatened commencement) of any
action, proceeding or investigation (an "Asserted Liability") that may result in
a  Loss,  the  Indemnitee shall give notice thereof (the "Claims Notice") to any
other  party  (or parties) who is or may be obligated to provide indemnification
pursuant  to  Section  8.3 or 8.4 (the "Indemnifying Party").  The Claims Notice
shall  describe  the  Asserted Liability in reasonable detail and shall indicate
the amount (estimated, if necessary and to the extent feasible) of the Loss that
has  been  or  may  be  suffered  by  the  Indemnitee.

     (b)  The  Indemnifying  Party may elect to compromise or defend, at its own
expense  and  by  its  own counsel, any Asserted Liability.  If the Indemnifying
Party elects to compromise or defend such Asserted Liability, it shall within 30
days  after the date the Claims Notice is given (or sooner, if the nature of the
Asserted  Liability  so  requires) notify the Indemnitee of its intent to do so,
and the Indemnitee shall cooperate, at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, in
the  compromise  of,  or  defense  against,  such  Asserted  Liability.  If  the
Indemnifying  Party  elects  not to compromise or defend the Asserted Liability,
fails  to  notify  the Indemnitee of its election as herein provided or contests
its  obligation  to  indemnify  under  this  Agreement,  the Indemnitee may pay,
compromise  or  defend  such  Asserted  Liability  and  all  reasonable expenses
incurred by the Indemnitee in defending or compromising such Asserted Liability,
all  amounts  required to be paid in connection with any such Asserted Liability
pursuant  to  the determination of any court, governmental or regulatory body or
arbitrator, and amounts required to be paid in connection with any compromise or
settlement  consented  to  by the Indemnitee, shall be borne by the Indemnifying
Party.  Except  as otherwise provided in the immediately preceding sentence, the
Indemnitee  may  not  settle  or  compromise any claim over the objection of the
Indemnifying Party.  In any event, the Indemnitee and the Indemnifying Party may
participate,  at  their own expense, in (but the Indemnitee may not control) the
defense of such Asserted Liability.  If the Indemnifying Party chooses to defend
any  claim,  the  Indemnitee  shall make available to the Indemnifying Party any
books,  records  or  other  documents  within  its control that are necessary or
appropriate  for  such  defense.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   DEFINITIONS

     The  following  terms,  which are capitalized in this Agreement, shall have
the  meanings  set  forth  below  for  the  purpose  of  this  Agreement.

"Contract"  means any Contract (a) to which the Company, Acquisition or CMGI, is
 --------
a party and under which the Company, Acquisition or CMGI, has or may acquire any
material  rights,  (b) under which the Company, Acquisition or CGMI, as the case
may  be,  is a party and has or may become subject to any material obligation or
material liability or (c) by which the Company, Acquisition or CGMI, as the case
may  be,  or  any  of  the  material assets owned or used by it is or may become
bound.


                                       50
<PAGE>

     "Environmental  Laws" means all applicable federal, state, local or foreign
      -------------------
laws,  rules  and  regulations, orders, decrees, judgments, permits, filings and
licenses  relating  (i)  to  protection  and  clean-up  of  the  environment and
activities  or  conditions  related  thereto,  including  those  relating to the
generation,  handling,  disposal,  transportation  or  release  of  hazardous
substances  and  (ii)  the  health  or  safety  of  employees  in  the workplace
environment, all as amended from time to time, and shall also include any common
law  theory  based  on nuisance, trespass, negligence or other tortious conduct.

     "ERISA"  means  the  Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or any
      -----
successor  law,  and  regulations  and  rules issued pursuant to such law or any
successor  law.

     "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States,
 ----
applied  on  a  consistent  basis.

     "Law"  means all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations,
      ---
orders,  writs, injunctions, judgments or decrees entered, enacted, promulgated,
enforced  or  issued by any court or other governmental or regulatory authority,
domestic  or  foreign.

     "Legal  Requirement"  means  any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign,
      ------------------
international,  multinational  or other administrative law, ordinance, principle
of  common  law,  regulation,  statute,  treaty,  court  or  arbitrator.

     "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect upon the business
     -------------------------
or  financial  condition of the Company (when used in Section 4.1) or CGMI (when
used  in  Section  4.2),  taken  as  a  whole  with  any  subsidiaries.

     "Order"  means  any  award,  decision, injunction, judgment, order, ruling,
      -----
subpoena  or  verdict  entered,  issued,  made  or  rendered  by  any  court,
administrative  agency  or  other  governmental  body  or  by  any  arbitrator.

     "Ordinary  Course  of  Business"  means  an action taken by a Person where:
      ------------------------------

     (1) such action is consistent with the past practices of such Person and is
taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of such Person;

     (2)  such action is not required to be authorized by the board of directors
of  such  Person  (or  by  any  Person  or  group  of Persons exercising similar
authority);  and

     (3)  such  action is similar in nature and magnitude to actions customarily
taken,  without any authorization by the board of directors (or by any Person or
group  of  Persons  exercising similar authority), in the ordinary course of the
normal  day-to-day  operations  of  other  Persons  that are in the same line of
business  as  such  Person.

     "Organizational  Documents"  means  the  articles  or  certificate  of
      -------------------------
incorporation  and  the  by-laws  of  a  corporation  and any amendment thereto.


                                       51
<PAGE>

     "Person"  means  any  individual,  corporation  (including  any  non-profit
     ------
corporation),  general  or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture,  estate,  trust, association, organization, labor union or other entity
or  governmental  body.

     "Proceeding"  means any action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation,
      ----------
litigation  or  suit  (whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or
informal)  commenced,  brought,  conducted  or  heard by or before, or otherwise
involving,  any  governmental  body  or  arbitrator.

     "SEC"  means  the  United  States  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.
      ---

     "Securities  Act"  means  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  as  amended.
      ---------------

                                    ARTICLE X

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     10.1     Fees  and  Expenses.  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  this
              -------------------
Agreement,  each party hereto will bear its own legal, accounting and other fees
and  expenses  incident to the Merger herein.  Any fees and expenses required to
be paid by any party hereunder shall be limited to reasonable and necessary fees
and  expenses.

     10.2  Modification,  Amendments  and  Waiver. The parties hereto may amend,
           --------------------------------------
modify  or  otherwise  waive  any provision of this Agreement by mutual consent,
provided  that  such  consent  and  any  amendment, modification or waiver is in
writing  and  is  signed  by  each  of  the  parties  hereto.

     10.3  Assignment.  Neither the Company, Acquisition nor CGMI shall have the
           ----------
authority  to  assign its respective rights or obligations under this Agreement.

     10.4  Successors.  This  Agreement shall be binding upon and, to the extent
           ----------
permitted in this Agreement, shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their
respective  successors  and  permitted  assigns.

     10.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the exhibits, schedules and other
           ----------------
documents  referred  to  herein  contain  the entire agreement among the parties
hereto  with  respect  to  the  Merger  and  supersede all prior agreements with
respect  thereto,  whether  written  or  oral.

     10.6  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  and  the  exhibits  hereto  shall
           --------------
be  governed  by  and  construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York,  without  giving  effect  to  principles  of  conflicts  or choice of laws
thereof.  Any  action  to  enforce  the  terms  of  this Agreement or any of its
exhibits  shall  be  brought  exclusively  in  the  state  and/or federal courts
situated  in the County and State of New York.  Service of process in any action
by  either party to enforce the terms of this Agreement may be made by serving a
copy  of the summons and complaint, in addition to any other relevant documents,
by  commercial overnight courier to the other party at its principal address set
forth  in  this  Agreement.


                                       52
<PAGE>

     10.7     Notices.  Any  notice, request, demand, waiver, consent, approval,
              -------
or  other  communication which is required or permitted to be given to any party
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given only if delivered to the
party  personally or sent to the party by facsimile upon electronic confirmation
of  receipt  (promptly followed by a hard-copy delivered in accordance with this
Section  10.7)  or three days after being mailed by registered or certified mail
(return  receipt requested), with postage and registration or certification fees
thereon  prepaid, or if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier, one day
after  being  mailed,  addressed  to  the  party at its address set forth below:

If  to  CGMI:
                  CanOnline  Global  Media,  Inc.
                  Suite  200,  1311  Howe  Street
                  Vancouver,  British  Columbia
                  V6Z  2P3
                  Attn:  Les  Ames,  VP-Legal  Affairs
                  Tel:   604-677-6994
                  Fax:  604-677-7011

with  copies  to:
                  Gottbetter  &  Partners,  LLP
                  488  Madison  Avenue
                  New  York,  NY  10022
                  Attn:  Adam  S.  Gottbetter,  Esq.
                  Tel:  212-400-6900
                  Fax:  212-400-6901

If  to  Acquisition:
                  Delivery  Now  Corp
                  570  Seventh  Avenue
                  New  York,  NY  10018
                  Tel:  212-221-1020

with  copies  to:
                  Gottbetter  &  Partners,  LLP
                  488  Madison  Avenue
                  New  York,  NY  10022
                  Attn:  Adam  S.  Gottbetter,  Esq.
                  Tel:  212-400-6900
                  Fax:  212-  400-6901

If  to  Company:  Delivery  Now  Corp.
                  570  Seventh  Avenue
                  New  York,  NY  10018
                  Tel:  212-221-1020

with  copies  to:
                  Gottbetter  &  Partners,  LLP
                  488  Madison  Avenue
                  New  York,  NY  10022
                  Attn:  Adam  S.  Gottbetter,  Esq.
                  Tel:  212-  400-6900
                  Fax:  212-  400-6901


                                       53
<PAGE>

or  to  such  other  persons or addresses as may be designated in writing by the
party  to  receive  such  notice.  If mailed as aforesaid, the day of mailing or
transmission  shall  be  the  date  any such notice shall be deemed to have been
delivered.

     10.8     Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  two or more
              ------------
counterparts,  each  of  which  shall  be  an  original,  but all of which shall
constitute  but  one agreement.  In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall  create  a  valid  and  binding
obligation  of  the  party  executing  (or  on  whose  behalf  such signature is
executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature
page  were  an  original  thereof.

     10.9  Rights  Cumulative.  All  rights,  powers  and  privileges  conferred
           ------------------
hereunder  upon  the parties, unless otherwise provided, shall be cumulative and
shall  not  be  restricted to those given by law.  Failure to exercise any power
given any party hereunder or to insist upon strict compliance by any other party
shall  not  constitute  a waiver of any party's right to demand exact compliance
with  any  of  the  terms  or  provisions  hereof.

     10.10 Severability of Provisions. The provisions of this Agreement shall be
           --------------------------
considered  severable  in  the  event  that any of such provisions are held by a
court  of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable.
Such  invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions shall be automatically
replaced  by  other  provisions which are valid and enforceable and which are as
similar as possible in term and intent to those provisions deemed to be invalid,
void or otherwise unenforceable and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain
enforceable  to  the  fullest  extent  permitted  by  law.

     10.11 Headings. The headings set forth in the articles and sections of this
           --------
Agreement  and  in the exhibits and the schedules to this Agreement are inserted
for  convenience  of reference only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part
hereof.

                             [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                       54
<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto have executed this Agreement or have
caused  this  Agreement  to be executed and delivered on the date and year first
above  written.

                                                    DELIVERY NOW CORP.

                                                    By: /s/ Michael Conte
                                                        -------------------
                                                        Michael  Conte,
                                                        President

                                                    CANONLINE GLOBAL MEDIA, INC.

                                                    By: /s/Peter Hogendoorn
                                                        --------------------
                                                        Peter  Hogendoorn,
                                                        President

                                                    DLVN ACQUISITION, INC.

                                                    By: /s/ Michael Conte
                                                        -------------------
                                                        Michael  Conte,
                                                        President


                                       55
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
