<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.11

                             STOCK PLEDGE AGREEMENT

Pledger: Mr. Daojun Wang
Pledgee: Jilin Tian Yao Science and Technology Limited Company

Where as Pledger and Pledgee have entered an Equity and Claim Transfer Agreement
on  May  11,  2007,  in the  agreement,  Pledger  agrees  to  pledge  95% of the
outstanding shares of Jilin Yicaotang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ("YCT") after the
shares are  transferred  to Pledger,  to ensure Pledger make payments to Pledgee
according to the  schedule  listed in the Equity and Claim  Transfer  Agreement.
This Stock Pledge Agreement is irrevocable,  and is part of the Equity and Claim
Transfer Agreement.

1. Collateral

     i)   The  collateral  consists of the shares of YCT and any equity  derived
          from the shares.

     ii)  The collateral is pledged to secure a payment of 8,500,000 RMB.

2. Claims

     i)   Pledgee is entitled to a claim of 8,500,000 RMB over pledger  pursuant
          to the Equity and Claim Transfer Agreement.

     ii)  The claims of 8,500,000  RMB will be paid to Pledgee  according to the
          schedule listed in the Equity and Claim Transfer Agreement.

     iii) Pledger has made the following  declaration:  1. Pledger's decision to
          pledge the shares is made by him, and is his true intention. 2. Before
          this Stock  Pledge  Agreement  is signed,  Pledger has not pledged the
          shares of YCT to a party other than  Pledgee,  and before  Pledger has
          made full  payment to Pledgee  according to the schedule in the Equity
          and Claims Transfer  Agreement,  Pledger will not pledge the shares of
          YCT to any party other than Pledgee.

     iv)  Pledger agrees to not sign any agreements with a third party which the
          agreement  may harm the  execution  of the Equity and Claims  Transfer
          Agreement.

     v)   If the Equity and Claims  Transfer  Agreement is modified,  this Stock
          Pledge Agreement will be updated accordingly.

     vi)  If this Stock  Pledge  Agreement  is caused to be modified or altered,
          Pledger  agrees to not reduce the  responsibilities  the  Pledger  has
          before the Agreement is modified or altered.

     vii) After this Stock Pledge Agreement is signed, Pledger is responsible to
          assist the pledge registration.

3. Defaults

     When any one of the following happens, Pledgee has the right to dispose the
     collateral and any equities it derived, the income will be used towards the
     payment to Pledgee according to the Equity and Claims Transfer Agreement.

     i)   Pledger has made false  statement  in this Stock  Pledge  Agreement or
          failed to execute this Stock Pledge Agreement.

     ii)  Pledger  failed to make payment  according to the payment  schedule in
          the Equity and Claim Transfer Agreement.
<PAGE>
     iii) Pledger  failed to comply  with this  Stock  Pledge  Agreement  or the
          Equity  and  Claim  Transfer   Agreement.   Pledgee's  rights  on  the
          collateral includes (but not limited to) the following:  1. Claims the
          title of the  collateral,  thus  replace  the  shareholder  status  of
          Pledger at YCT. 2.  Dispose the  collateral  through  transfer,  sale,
          auction sell or other methods, Pledger has no rights to interfere.

4. Validity

     i)   This Stock Pledge  Agreement is effective once the Pledger has signed.
          ii) This Stock Pledge Agreement is valid until the Pledger has paid in
          full to the Pledgee.


Pledgee: Jilin Tian Yao Science and Technology Limited Company
Address: 509 Maoxiang Street, High-Tech Development Area, Changchun, Jilin,
         China


Signature: /s/ Lianqin Qu
          -------------------------------------
Name: Lianqin Qu, President



Pledger: Daojun Wang

Signature: /s/ Daojun Wang
          -------------------------------------


Date: May 11, 2007

                                       2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
