<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>v013070_ex10-6.txt
<TEXT>
                        Dated 14th day of February, 2005

                                     Form of

             Director and Chief Technology Officer Service Contract

                                     between

                             Global Pharmatech, Inc.

                                       and

                                     Tom Du

                                       1
<PAGE>

This Contract was made between the following two parties on 14th February, 2005:

(1) Global  Pharmatech,  Inc., duly incorporated  under the laws of the State of
Delaware ("Party A"); and

(2) Tom Du, ("Party B").

      Both parties have entered into the following  agreement  through  friendly
negotiations  on the  principle  of  equality  and mutual  benefits  in order to
confirm and regulate the relationship between Party A as the appointor and Party
B as the appointee in respect of the service.

                              Article 1 Appointment

1.1 Party A shall  appoint Party B as director and chief  technology  officer of
Party A's board of directors in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

1.2 Party B agrees to be appointed as director and chief  technology  officer of
Party A's board of directors in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

                                Article 2 Duties

Party B's duties,  powers and  responsibilities as director and chief technology
officer  of the  Board of Party A shall be those  which are  customary  for such
position, and furthermore specially, shall perform the duties of

      2.1   Seeking and meeting investors on behalf of Party A.
      2.2   Providing  suggestions  for Party A regarding Party A's listing on a
            U.S Stock Exchange.
      2.3   Actively seeking partners,  including but not limited to, appointing
            Advisory Committee members, subsequent directors, partners for Party
            A's R & D and  marketing  activities  in the U.S.,  partners for the
            export of U.S. products into China.
      2.4   Proceeding of the  registration  procedure of Party A's developments
            to FDA.
      2.5   Providing  suggestions  for  Party A  regarding  their  growth.  2.6
            Everything that is to promote Party A's capital market value and the
            long term growth of Party A.

In addition,  Party B confirms that he owes a fiduciary and diligence obligation
to Party A and that he shall not engage in any  activities in  competition  with
Party A's business or carry out any  activities  detrimental to the interests of
Party A.

                             Article 3 Remuneration

3.1 From the Effective Date, the  remuneration to be received by Party B for the
performance  of his services under this Contract as director of Party A shall be
US $4,000.00 per month,  to be paid monthly.  Party B should spend not more then
10 to 15 hours per week or 40 to 60 hours per month  working  for Party A during
the period of his appointment.

                                       2
<PAGE>

3.2.  Party B shall be granted the option to purchase  Party A's stock of 50,000
shares under the terms of the applicable stock options plan then in effect, upon
the achievement of working goals as determined by the Board.

                            Article 4 Non-Competition

4.1 During the period of  employment  with Party A, Party B agrees not to engage
in any business that individually develop any of the products developed by Party
A including all products approved by the FDA, products marketed by Party A prior
to, during, or under development during the period of employment.  Party B shall
be entitled to employment  outside of Party A under the terms and  provisions of
this clause  including,  but not limited to,  similar  companies  so long as any
products developed by similar companies are not in direct competition with Party
A's products.

                       Article 5 Confidentiality Liability

5.1 Party B is aware that he will gain access to secret information possessed by
members of Party A's Group  and/or kept in custody by members of Party A's Group
(hereinafter  referred to as  "Confidential  Information") in the performance of
his duties hereunder, including but not limited to, documents,  materials, data,
information,   plans  and  insider  information.  Party  B  confirms  that  such
Confidential Information is solely owned by members of Party A's Group and/or is
kept in custody by members of Party A's Group.

5.2  Whether  during  the term of this  Contract  or within  any time  after the
termination  of Party B's  appointment  as Party A's director,  Party B warrants
that (except such Confidential Information may be disclosed to the public not in
violation of the confidentiality undertaking under this Contract):

      (a)   Party B shall not divulge or disclose the  Confidential  Information
            to  any  third  party  in  any  way,   with  the  exception  of  any
            Confidential Information which Party B must disclose to the relevant
            employees  of  members  of  Party  A's  Group  and the  professional
            personnel employed by members of Party A's Group for the performance
            of his obligations  hereunder and any  Confidential  Information the
            disclosure  of which is  authorized  by the board of directors or is
            ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction;

      (b)   Party B shall not make use of the  Confidential  Information  in any
            way for his  own  benefit  or for the  benefit  of his  friends  and
            relatives or any third party without Party A's permission; or

                                       3
<PAGE>

      (c)   Party  B  shall  take  all   necessary   measures   to  prevent  the
            Confidential  Information  from spreading or disclosure to any third
            party without Party A's permission.

5.3 Upon the  expiration  of this Contract or earlier  termination  of Party B's
appointment,  Party B shall  immediately,  completely and effectively  return to
Party A all the  information  relating  to the  business of members of Party A's
Group  (including,  but not limited to,  Party A's  documents,  personal  notes,
records,  reports,  handbooks,  drawings,  forms,  computer diskettes and tapes)
within  Party B's  possession  or under his control  whether or not the same was
originally supplied to Party B by Party A.

                      Article 6 Termination of Appointment

6.1 When any one of the  following  events  occurs  to Party B, the  appointment
relationship  between  Party A and  Party B  herein  shall  be  immediately  and
automatically terminated (unless otherwise decided by the board of directors):

      (a)   Party B is  prohibited  by any laws,  regulations,  rules,  practice
            directions or practice  rules from taking up the position  hereunder
            or  Party  B  loses  the  qualifications  required  by the  position
            hereunder;

      (b)   if due to health  reasons,  Party B is unable to fully  perform  his
            duties hereunder for three months;

      (c)   Party B commits any serious breach and/or repeated and/or  continual
            breach of any of Party B's obligations hereunder;

      (d)   Party B is guilty of any serious  misconduct  or serious  neglect in
            the discharge of Party B's duties hereunder;

      (e)   Party B's actions or omissions bring the name or reputation of Party
            A or any  member  of Party  A's  Group  into  serious  disrepute  or
            prejudices  the business  interests  of Party A or other  members of
            Party A's Group;

      (f)   Party B is or has  become  of  unsound  mind or shall be or become a
            patient for the purpose of any laws relating to mental health;

      (g)   Party B is sued for criminal  liability or convicted of any criminal
            offence other than an offence which in the reasonable opinion of the
            board of  directors of Party A does not affect Party B's position as
            appointed  herein (bearing in mind the nature of the duties in which
            Party  B is  appointed  and  the  capacities  in  which  Party  B is
            appointed);

                                       4
<PAGE>

      (h)   Party B is removed  from the office of the  position by the board of
            directors of Party A.

      (i)   Party B leaves the service  according to the articles of association
            of Party A; or

      (j)   Party B fails to attend the board of  directors'  meeting of Party A
            in person consecutively for three times.

6.2 In addition to the  aforesaid  provisions  of Article 6.1,  Party A may also
discharge  the  appointment  relationship  between Party A and Party B by giving
notice in writing to Party B when any one of the following events occurs:

      (a)   Party B is unable to substantially  perform his duties hereunder due
            to health reasons,  within any twelve-month  period for a cumulative
            total of two hundred and sixty-five  working days. Then, Party A may
            at any time  discharge  Party B from the  post by  giving  Party B a
            fourteen-day written notice of discharge.

      (b)   Party B is in breach of his  obligations  or the  provisions of this
            Contract and does not repent  after  warning has been given by Party
            A.

      (c)   Damage or loss has been caused to Party A due to Party B's wilful or
            material default in the performance of his duties hereunder.

      Anydelay  by Party A in  exercising  such right of  termination  shall not
constitute a waiver thereof.

      Party B reserves  the right to terminate  this  agreement  with  one-month
notice for good cause arising from  impossibility of performance and/or conflict
of  interest.  Party A and Party B consent to mediation of any issues under this
clause for any  matters of  disagreement  not  otherwise  contained  herein with
respect to employment disputes.

6.3 If the  appointment  relationship  between both parties herein is terminated
due to the  occurrence  of any of the events  referred  to in Article 6.1 or 6.2
above, such termination shall not affect Party A's rights herein against Party B
and the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 hereof shall still be applicable.

                                       5
<PAGE>

6.4 Party B shall not,  during the  continuance  of his  appointment or within a
period of one year after the termination thereof, either on his own behalf or on
behalf of any other  person,  entice away from any member of Party A's Group any
employee,  worker, manager or director of any member of Party A's Group, whether
or not such person would commit any breach of his contract of  appointment  with
any member of Party A's Group by reason of his leaving service.

6.5 Party B shall  reserve the right to claim  attorney  fees  arising  from any
breach of the agreement by Party A.

                     Article 7 Effectiveness of the Contract

This Contract shall become effective after signing by both parties.

                          Article 8 Additional Clauses

8.1 The  heading  of  each  Article  hereof  is  inserted  for  the  purpose  of
convenience  only and shall not  prejudice  the meaning or  construction  of the
provisions hereof.

8.2 This Contract shall have two copies. Party A and Party B shall each hold one
copy which shall have the same effect.

         In view of the above, Party A and Party B have signed this Contract.


Party A:

For and on behalf of
Global Pharmatech, Inc


/s/ Xiaobo Sun
--------------------------
Name: Xiaobo Sun
Title: CEO and President

Party B:  Tom Du

/s/ Tom Du
--------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
