<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v013070_ex10-2.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.2

                         Dated 8th day of February, 2005


                                     Form of


                          Executive Employment Contract


                                     between


                             Global Pharmatech, Inc.


                                       and


                                   Xiaobo Sun

<PAGE>

This Contract was made between the following two parties on 8th February, 2005:

(1) Global  Pharmatech,  Inc., duly incorporated  under the laws of the State of
Delaware ("Party A"); and

(2) Xiaobo Sun, ("Party B").

      Both parties have entered into the following  agreement  through  friendly
negotiations  on the  principle  of  equality  and mutual  benefits  in order to
confirm and regulate the relationship between Party A as the appointor and Party
B as the appointee in respect of the service.

                              Article 1 Appointment

1.1 Party A shall  appoint  Party B as Chief  Executive  Officer,  President and
Director of the Board of directors (the "Board") in accordance with the terms of
this Contract.

1.2 Party B agrees to be appointed as Chief  Executive  Officer,  President  and
Director  of the  Board  of  directors  in  accordance  with  the  terms of this
Contract.

                                Article 2 Duties

2.1 Party B's duties,  powers and  responsibilities  as Chief Executive Officer,
President  and Director of the Board shall be those which are customary for such
position,  as may be  determined  from time to time by the Board.  Party B shall
report to the Board and  Chairperson  of the Board,  and  agrees to perform  and
discharge such duties well and  faithfully and to be subject to the  supervision
and direction of the Board and of the Chairperson.

2.2 The position of Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of the Board
is a full-time position.  Party B agrees to devote full time effort,  attention,
and energies to this position,  and will not render any professional services or
engage in any  activity  that  might be  competitive  with,  adverse to the best
interest of, or create the appearance of a conflict of interest with Party A.

2.3 Party B agrees to abide by the policies, rules and regulations of Party A as
they may be amended from time to time.

                             Article 3 Remuneration

3.1 From the Effective Date, the  remuneration to be received by Party B for the
performance of his services under this Contract shall be US$5,000 per month,  to
be paid monthly.
<PAGE>

3.2 Party B shall be granted the option to  purchase  Party A's stock of 200,000
shares under the terms of the applicable stock option plan then in effect,  upon
the achievement of working goals as determined by the Board.

                            Article 4 Non-Competition

4.1  Unless  the  relevant  competition  is made  known  to the  public  and (if
required) approved by the relevant regulatory authorities, Party B warrants that
during the term of his appointment as Party A's outside director,  Party B shall
not in any way engage in any business in  competition  with Party A, or seek any
position from any company or individual who competes in business with Party A or
subsidiaries and branch companies of Party A ("Party A's Group"),  or accept any
capacity  or  position  offered by any  company or  individual  who  competes in
business with any member of Party A's Group.

                       Article 5 Confidentiality Liability

5.1 Party B is aware that he will gain access to secret information possessed by
members of Party A's Group  and/or kept in custody by members of Party A's Group
(hereinafter  referred to as  "Confidential  Information") in the performance of
his duties hereunder, including but not limited to, documents,  materials, data,
information,   plans  and  insider  information.  Party  B  confirms  that  such
Confidential Information is solely owned by members of Party A's Group and/or is
kept in custody by members of Party A's Group.

5.2  Whether  during  the term of this  Contract  or within  any time  after the
termination  of Party B's  appointment  as Party A's director,  Party B warrants
that (except such Confidential Information may be disclosed to the public not in
violation of the confidentiality undertaking under this Contract):

      (a)   Party B shall not divulge or disclose the  Confidential  Information
            to  any  third  party  in  any  way,   with  the  exception  of  any
            Confidential Information which Party B must disclose to the relevant
            employees  of  members  of  Party  A's  Group  and the  professional
            personnel employed by members of Party A's Group for the performance
            of his obligations  hereunder and any  Confidential  Information the
            disclosure  of which is  authorized  by the board of directors or is
            ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction;

      (b)   Party B shall not make use of the  Confidential  Information  in any
            way for his  own  benefit  or for the  benefit  of his  friends  and
            relatives or any third party without Party A's permission; or

      (c)   Party  B  shall  take  all   necessary   measures   to  prevent  the
            Confidential  Information  from spreading or disclosure to any

<PAGE>

            third party without Party A's permission.

5.3 Upon the  expiry  of this  Contract  or  earlier  termination  of Party  B's
appointment,  Party B shall  immediately,  completely and effectively  return to
Party A all the  information  relating  to the  business of members of Party A's
Group  (including,  but not limited to,  Party A's  documents,  personal  notes,
records,  reports,  handbooks,  drawings,  forms,  computer diskettes and tapes)
within  Party B's  possession  or under his control  whether or not the same was
originally supplied to Party B by Party A.

5.4 Party B agrees  that  various  intellectual  rights  formulated,  developed,
created  and  made by him  during  the  term  of his  services  hereunder  shall
exclusively belong to Party A, with the exception of various intellectual rights
which are not formulated,  developed, created and made by him during his working
hours with the use of any assets or resources belonging to Party A.

                      Article 6 Termination of Appointment

6.1 When any one of the  following  events  occurs  to Party B, the  appointment
relationship  between  Party A and  Party B  herein  shall  be  immediately  and
automatically terminated (unless otherwise decided by the board of directors):

      (a)   Party B is  prohibited  by any laws,  regulations,  rules,  practice
            directions or practice  rules from taking up the position  hereunder
            or  Party  B  loses  the  qualifications  required  by the  position
            hereunder;

      (b)   if due to health  reasons,  Party B is unable to fully  perform  his
            duties hereunder for three months;

      (c)   Party B commits any serious breach and/or repeated and/or  continual
            breach of any of Party B's obligations hereunder;

      (d)   Party B is guilty of any serious  misconduct  or serious  neglect in
            the discharge of Party B's duties hereunder;

      (e)   Party B's actions or omissions bring the name or reputation of Party
            A or any  member  of Party  A's  Group  into  serious  disrepute  or
            prejudices  the business  interests  of Party A or other  members of
            Party A's Group;

      (f)   Party B is or has  become  of  unsound  mind or shall be or become a
            patient for the purpose of any laws relating to mental health;

      (g)   Party B is sued for criminal  liability or convicted of any

<PAGE>

            criminal  offence  other  than an  offence  which in the  reasonable
            opinion of the board of  directors  of Party A does not affect Party
            B's position as appointed  herein (bearing in mind the nature of the
            duties in which Party B is  appointed  and the  capacities  in which
            Party B is appointed);

      (h)   Party B is removed  from the office of the  position by the board of
            directors of Party A.

      (i)   Party B leaves the service  according to the articles of association
            of Party A; or

      (j)   Party B fails to attend the board of  directors'  meeting of Party A
            in person consecutively for three times.

6.2 In addition to the  aforesaid  provisions  of Article 6.1,  Party A may also
discharge  the  appointment  relationship  between Party A and Party B by giving
notice in writing to Party B when any one of the following events occurs:

      (a)   Party B is unable to substantially  perform his duties hereunder due
            to health reasons,  within any twelve-month  period for a cumulative
            total of two hundred and sixty-five  working days. Then, Party A may
            at any time  discharge  Party B from the  post by  giving  Party B a
            fourteen-day written notice of discharge.

      (b)   Party B is in breach of his  obligations  or the  provisions of this
            Contract and does not repent  after  warning has been given by Party
            A.

      (c)   Damage or loss has been caused to Party A due to Party B's wilful or
            material default in the performance of his duties hereunder.

      Any delay by Party A in  exercising  such right of  termination  shall not
constitute a waiver thereof.

6.3 If the  appointment  relationship  between both parties herein is terminated
due to the  occurrence  of any of the events  referred  to in Article 6.1 or 6.2
above, such termination shall not affect Party A's rights herein against Party B
and the provisions of Articles 4 and 5 hereof shall still be applicable.

6.4 Party B shall not,  during the  continuance  of his  appointment or within a
period of one year after the termination thereof, either on his own behalf or on
behalf of any other  person,  entice away from any member of Party A's Group any
employee,  worker, manager or director of any member of

<PAGE>

Party A's  Group,  whether  or not such  person  would  commit any breach of his
contract  of  appointment  with any  member  of Party A's Group by reason of his
leaving service.

                     Article 7 Effectiveness of the Contract

This Contract shall become effective after signing by both parties.

                          Article 8 Additional Clauses

8.1 The  heading  of  each  Article  hereof  is  inserted  for  the  purpose  of
convenience  only and shall not  prejudice  the meaning or  construction  of the
provisions hereof.

8.2 This Contract shall have two copies. Party A and Party B shall each hold one
copy which shall have the same effect.

In view of the above, Party A and Party B have signed this Contract.


Party A:


For and on behalf of
Global Pharmatech, Inc


 /s/ Lianqin Qu
----------------------------------
Name: Lianqin Qu
Title: Chairperson of the Board


Party B:  Xiaobo Sun


 /s/ Xiaobo Sun
----------------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
