<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex2_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                           DATED AS OF MARCH 15, 2005

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                       FIRST HORIZON NATIONAL CORPORATION

                                       AND

                       WEST METRO FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.


<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

ARTICLE I  THE MERGER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   1

ARTICLE II  ACTIONS PENDING MERGER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   7

ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER . . . . . . . . . . .   8

ARTICLE IV  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FHNC. . . . . . . . . . . . .  15

ARTICLE V  COVENANTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18

ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  23

ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26

ARTICLE VIII  OTHER MATTERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27

EXHIBITS:
Exhibit A:  Form of Bank Merger Agreement
Exhibit B:  Form of Option and Warrant Letter
Exhibit C:  Form of Affiliate Letter
Exhibit D:  Form of Employment Agreement
Exhibit E:  Form of Consulting Agreement
Exhibit F:  Form of Non-Compete Agreement


                                        i
<PAGE>
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                          ----------------------------

     AGREEMENT  AND  PLAN  OF MERGER, dated as of March 15, 2005, by and between
FIRST  HORIZON  NATIONAL CORPORATION ("FHNC") and WEST METRO FINANCIAL SERVICES,
INC.  ("Seller").  Capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined below in
Article  VIII.

                                    RECITALS

     (A)     SELLER.  Seller  is  a  bank  holding  company registered under the
             -------
BHCA,  and is the beneficial owner and holder of record of all of the issued and
outstanding  shares  of capital stock of Seller Bank.  The board of directors of
Seller  deems  it  in  the  best  interest  of Seller, Seller Bank, and Seller's
shareholders  to merge Seller with and into FHNC, with FHNC surviving the merger
on  the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in  this  Agreement (the "Merger").

     (B)     FHNC.  FHNC  is  a  financial  holding company registered under the
             ----
BHCA,  and  the  board  of  directors of FHNC deems the Merger to be in the best
interest  of  FHNC  and  the  shareholders  of  FHNC.

     (C)     INTENTION  OF  THE  PARTIES.  It is the intention of the parties to
             ----------------------------
this  Agreement  that  for  federal  income tax purposes the Merger qualify as a
"reorganization"  within  the  meaning  of  Section  368  of  the  Code.

     In  consideration  of  their mutual promises and obligations hereunder, and
intending  to  be  legally  bound  hereby,  FHNC  and Seller adopt and make this
Agreement  and  prescribe  the  terms  and  conditions of this Agreement and the
manner  and  basis  of  carrying  it  into  effect,  which  shall be as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

     (A)     THE MERGER.  On the Effective Date, Seller will merge with and into
             ----------
FHNC,  with FHNC being the Surviving Corporation, pursuant to the provisions of,
and with the effects provided in, the Tennessee Business Corporation Act and the
Georgia  Business  Corporation  Code.  At  the  Effective  Time, the charter and
bylaws of FHNC (as the Surviving Corporation) shall be the charter and bylaws of
FHNC  in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time.  At the Effective Time,
the  directors  and  officers of FHNC shall be the directors and officers of the
Surviving  Corporation.

     (B)     EFFECTIVE DATE AND EFFECTIVE TIME.  On the last Business Day of the
             ---------------------------------
month  during  which  the  expiration  of  all  applicable  waiting  periods  in
connection  with  governmental  approvals  occurs  and  all  conditions  to  the
consummation of this Agreement are satisfied or waived or, at FHNC's option, the
first  Business  Day  of  the next succeeding month, or on such earlier or later
date  as  may  be agreed by the parties, articles of merger shall be executed in
accordance with Applicable Law and shall be filed as required by Applicable Law,
and  the Merger provided for herein shall become effective upon the date of such
filing  (the  "Effective


<PAGE>
Date").  The  "Effective  Time" of the Merger shall be 4:01 p.m. in the State of
Tennessee on the Effective Date (or such other time on the Effective Date as may
be  agreed  by  the  parties  and  set  forth  in  the  articles  of  merger).

     (C)     CONVERSION  OF SHARES.  By  virtue of the Merger, automatically and
             ---------------------
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, at the Effective Time, all
of  the  Seller  Common  Stock  issued  and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than shares held directly or indirectly by FHNC, except in
a  fiduciary  capacity  or  in satisfaction of a debt previously contracted, and
other  than  shares  held  in  the  treasury  of  Seller,  which shares shall be
canceled,  retired  and  cease  to exist by virtue of the Merger and without any
payment  made  in  respect thereof) shall be converted into the right to receive
cash  and  shares  of  FHNC  Common Stock, as described below (collectively, the
"Merger Consideration"):

          (1)     Each  Seller Shareholder may elect to take all or a portion of
     the  consideration  to  be  received  in the Merger in cash; subject to the
     aggregate  limitation  set  forth  in  Article  I(C)(3)  (the  "Cash
     Consideration"). If a Seller Shareholder elects to receive in cash all or a
     portion  of the Merger Consideration, the amount of cash to be delivered in
     exchange  for  each  share  of  Seller  Common Stock shall be determined by
     multiplying  the number of shares of Seller Common Stock held by the Seller
     Shareholder for which it elects to receive cash by the Price Per Share. The
     Price  Per  Share  is  $22.44.

          (2)     Each  Seller Shareholder may elect to take all or a portion of
     the Merger Consideration to be received in the Merger in FHNC Common Stock,
     subject  to  the  aggregate  limitation  set  forth in Article I(C)(3) (the
     "Stock  Consideration").  If a Seller Shareholder elects to receive in FHNC
     Common  Stock  all  or a portion of the Merger Consideration, the number of
     shares of FHNC Common Stock to be exchanged for each share of Seller Common
     Stock  shall  be  determined  by multiplying the number of shares of Seller
     Common  Stock held by the Seller Shareholder for which it elects to receive
     FHNC  Common  Stock  by  the  Conversion Price. The Conversion Price is the
     quotient  of  (i) the Price Per Share divided by (ii) the FHNC Common Stock
     Average  Price.  The  FHNC Common Stock Average Price shall be equal to the
     average  of  the  closing  prices  of the FHNC Common Stock on the NYSE, as
     reported  by  the  Wall  Street  Journal  for the twenty (20) Business Days
     immediately  prior  to  the fifth Business Day preceding the Effective Date
     (the  "Calculation  Period").  Solely  for  purposes  of this definition, a
     Business  Day  shall  be  a  day  on  which  the  NYSE is open for trading.

          (3)     The  aggregate  Cash  Consideration  to  be  paid  pursuant to
     Article  I(C)(1)  above  shall  not  be  less  than  $11,000,000 (the "Cash
     Threshold")  or  more  than  $13,000,000  (the "Cash Cap"). For purposes of
     determining  the Cash Threshold and Cash Cap, Dissenting Shareholders shall
     be  deemed  to  have  elected  to  receive  Cash  Consideration unless such
     Dissenting Shareholders shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure
     to perfect or otherwise) their right to payment as a dissenting shareholder
     under  Applicable  Law  at or prior to the Effective Time. In addition, for
     purposes of calculating the Cash Threshold and the Cash Cap, the cash to be
     received  by holders of Options and Warrants pursuant to Article I(F) shall
     be  included  in  the  calculation.


                                        2
<PAGE>
          (4)     Each  share of FHNC Common Stock issued and outstanding at the
     Effective  Time  shall  remain outstanding and unchanged as a result of the
     Merger  and,  together with the shares of FHNC Common Stock issuable in the
     Merger,  shall  as  of  the Effective Time constitute all of the issued and
     outstanding  shares  of  the  common  capital  stock  of  FHNC.

          (5)     Subsequent  to  the  date  of  this Agreement but prior to the
     Effective  Date,  if  the  outstanding shares of FHNC Common Stock shall be
     increased,  decreased,  changed into or exchanged for a different number or
     class  of shares by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock
     split or reverse stock split, split-up or if a stock dividend thereon shall
     be  declared  with  a  record  date  within  such period, or by reason of a
     combination  or  exchange  of  shares  in  a  transaction  in which FHNC is
     effectively  acquired, or other like changes in FHNC's capitalization shall
     have occurred, the Merger Consideration shall be adjusted accordingly. This
     subsection  (5)  does not apply to transactions in which FHNC or one of its
     subsidiaries  is  effectively  the  acquiring  entity.

          (6)     No  fractional shares of FHNC Common Stock and no certificates
     or  scrip  or  other  evidence  of  ownership will be issued in the Merger.
     Instead,  FHNC  shall pay to each Seller Shareholder who would otherwise be
     entitled to a fractional share, an amount in cash determined by multiplying
     such  holder's  fractional interest by the FHNC Common Stock Average Price.

     (D)     ELECTION  OF  MERGER  CONSIDERATION.
             -----------------------------------

          (1)     Each  Seller  Shareholder  may  elect  whether to receive Cash
     Consideration,  Stock Consideration, or a combination of Cash Consideration
     and  Stock  Consideration.  Such  elections  shall  be  made  on  a Form of
     Election.  Holders of record of shares of Seller Common Stock who hold such
     shares  as  nominees,  trustees  or  in  other representative capacities (a
     "Representative") may submit multiple Forms of Election, provided that such
     Representative  certifies  that  each  such Form of Election covers all the
     shares  of  Seller  Common  Stock  held  by  each such Representative for a
     particular  beneficial  owner.

          (2)     FHNC and Seller shall mail the Form of Election to all Persons
     who  are holders of Seller Common Stock on the record date for the Seller's
     meeting of its shareholders to vote upon this Agreement. A Form of Election
     must  be  received  by  the Exchange Agent in the manner described below no
     later  than  by  the  close  of business on the Business Day which is three
     Business  Days  immediately  prior  to  the  Effective  Time (the "Election
     Deadline")  in  order  to  be effective. All elections will be irrevocable.

          (3)     Elections  shall  be made by holders of Seller Common Stock by
     mailing,  faxing or otherwise delivering to the Exchange Agent, in a manner
     reasonably  acceptable to FHNC, a Form of Election. To be effective, a Form
     of  Election  must  be  properly  completed,  signed  and  submitted to the
     Exchange  Agent.  FHNC  will  have  the reasonable discretion, which it may
     delegate  in  whole  or in part to the Exchange Agent, to determine whether
     Forms of Election have been properly completed, signed and submitted and to
     disregard immaterial defects in Forms of Election. The decision of FHNC (or
     the  Exchange  Agent)  in  such  matters  shall  be conclusive and binding.
     Neither  FHNC  nor  the


                                        3
<PAGE>
     Exchange  Agent  will  be  under any obligation to notify any Person of any
     defect  in  a  Form  of  Election.

          (4)     A  holder of Seller Common Stock who does not submit a Form of
     Election  which  is  received  by  the Exchange Agent prior to the Election
     Deadline  shall  be  deemed to have made an election for Cash Consideration
     for  37.5% of the shares of Seller Common Stock and Stock Consideration for
     62.5%  of  the shares of Seller Common Stock held by the Seller Shareholder
     (a  "Combination  Election"), unless such Combination Election would result
     in  violating  either Cash Cap or the Cash Threshold. In either such event,
     those  shareholders  who either do not timely or correctly submit a Form of
     Election,  shall be deemed to have made an election for that combination of
     Stock Consideration and Cash Consideration which is not violative of either
     the  Cash Cap or the Cash Threshold, after taking into effect the elections
     of  those  shareholders who have timely and correctly submitted their Forms
     of  Election.  If  FHNC  or  the  Exchange  Agent  shall determine that any
     purported  election was not properly made, such purported election shall be
     deemed  to  be  of  no  force and effect and the holder of shares of Seller
     Common  Stock  making  such purported election shall for purposes hereof be
     deemed  to  have  made  a  Combination  Election.

          (5)     All  shares  of  Seller  Common  Stock  in  which  a  Seller
     Shareholder  has elected Cash Consideration are referred to herein as "Cash
     Election  Shares."  All  shares  of  Seller  Common Stock in which a Seller
     Shareholder  has  elected  Stock  Consideration  are  referred to herein as
     "Stock Election Shares." If, after the results of the Forms of Election are
     calculated,  the  number  of  shares of Seller Common Stock to be converted
     into  Cash  Consideration  exceeds  the Cash Cap, the Exchange Agent shall,
     after  the Election Deadline but prior to the Effective Time, determine the
     number of Cash Election Shares which must be redesignated as Stock Election
     Shares  in  order  to  reduce  the  number  of  such  shares  electing Cash
     Consideration  to  the  Cash Cap. All holders who have Cash Election Shares
     shall,  on a pro rata basis, have such number of their Cash Election Shares
     redesignated as Stock Election Shares so that the Cash Cap is not exceeded.
     If,  after  the results of the Forms of Election are calculated, the number
     of shares of Seller Common Stock to be converted into Cash Consideration is
     below  the  Cash Threshold, the Exchange Agent, after the Election Deadline
     but  prior  to  the  Effective  Time,  shall  determine the number of Stock
     Election Shares which must be redesignated as Cash Election Shares in order
     to  increase the amount of such cash to the Cash Threshold. All holders who
     have  Stock Election Shares shall, on a pro rata basis, have such number of
     their  Stock  Election  Shares redesignated as Cash Election Shares so that
     the  Cash  Threshold  is  achieved.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  no
     redesignation  shall  be  effected for a holder who has made an election to
     receive  Cash  Consideration  but, as a result of such redesignation, would
     receive  fewer  than  10 shares of FHNC Common Stock in exchange for all of
     such  holder's  shares  of Seller Common Stock unless such redesignation is
     necessary  for  the Merger to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368
     of  the  Code.  In  this  event,  the Cash Election Shares of the remaining
     holders  of  shares  of  Seller Common Stock shall be redesignated on a pro
     rata  basis  to  reduce  the  aggregate Cash Consideration to the Cash Cap.
     Holders who make Combination Elections will be subject to the redesignation
     procedures  set  forth  in  Article  I(D)(4)  hereinabove.  Dissenting
     Stockholders  who  are  deemed  to  have  made  an  election  for  Cash


                                        4
<PAGE>
     Consideration shall not be subject to the redesignation procedure described
     herein. The Exchange Agent shall make all computations contemplated by this
     Article  and  all  such computations shall be conclusive and binding on the
     holders  of  Seller  Common  Stock.

     (E)     DISSENTING  SHARES.  No outstanding share of Seller Common Stock as
             -------------------
to  which  a  Dissenting  Shareholder  has  exercised  dissenters  rights  under
Applicable  Law  shall  be  converted  into  or represent a right to receive the
Merger  Consideration,  and the Dissenting Shareholder shall be entitled only to
such  rights  as  are  granted by Applicable Law.  Seller shall give FHNC prompt
notice  upon  receipt  by  Seller of any such written demands for payment of the
fair  value  of  the  shares  of  Seller Common Stock and of withdrawals of such
demands  and  any  other  instruments provided pursuant to Applicable Law from a
Dissenting Shareholder.  FHNC shall direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect  to  such  Dissenting  Shareholder.  Seller shall not, without the prior
written  consent  of FHNC, make any payment with respect to, or settle, offer to
settle  or otherwise negotiate, any such demands.  If any Dissenting Shareholder
shall  effectively  withdraw or lose his right to such payment prior to or after
the  Effective  Time,  such  holder's  shares  of  Seller  Common Stock shall be
automatically  converted  into  the right to receive the Merger Consideration in
accordance with this Agreement, without any interest, as if such holder had made
a  Combination  Election.

     (F)     STOCK  OPTIONS AND WARRANTS.  Seller has issued options to purchase
             ----------------------------
113,000  shares  of  Seller  Common  Stock  ("Options") and warrants to purchase
300,000  shares  of  Seller  Common  Stock ("Warrants").  Prior to the Effective
Time,  Seller  shall  cause  each  holder of an Option or Warrant to execute and
deliver  an  agreement  in substantially the form of EXHIBIT B pursuant to which
such holder agrees to sell to FHNC, effective at the Effective Time, such Option
for  cash or, in the case of a holder of a Warrant, for either cash or shares of
FHNC  Common  Stock.  The cash payment shall be calculated as an amount equal to
the  number of shares of Seller Common Stock specified in such Warrant or Option
times  the  Price  Per Share less the aggregate exercise price for all shares of
Seller  Common  Stock  specified  in such Warrant or Option, subject to required
withholding taxes, if any.  If a holder of a Warrant elects to receive shares of
FHNC  Common  Stock  in  lieu of cash, the number of shares of FHNC Common Stock
shall  be  calculated  as  the number of shares equal to the number of shares of
Seller  Common  Stock  specified in such Warrant times the Conversion Price less
the  aggregate exercise price for all shares of Seller Common Stock specified in
such  Warrant,  subject  to  required  withholding  taxes,  if  any.

     (G)     PROCEDURES.  Certificates  which  represent shares of Seller Common
             ----------
Stock that are outstanding at the Effective Time (each, a "Certificate") and are
converted  into  the  right  to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the
Merger  shall,  after the Effective Time, be exchangeable by the holders thereof
in  the  manner  provided  in  the  transmittal  materials  described  below.

          (1)     As promptly as practicable after the Effective Date, FHNC or a
     third  party  employed to act as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent"), who
     if  a  third  party shall be reasonably acceptable to Seller, shall send to
     each  holder  of record of shares of Seller Common Stock outstanding at the
     Effective Time transmittal materials for use in exchanging the Certificates
     for  the  Merger  Consideration.  Upon surrender of a Certificate, together
     with  a  duly  executed  letter  of  transmittal  and  any other reasonably


                                        5
<PAGE>
     required  documents,  the  holder  of such Certificate shall be entitled to
     receive, in exchange for the Certificate, the Merger Consideration to which
     such  holder  is  entitled, and such Certificate shall be cancelled. If any
     such  delivery is to be made in whole or in part to a Person other than the
     Person in whose name a surrendered Certificate is registered, it shall be a
     condition  to  such  delivery  or exchange that the Certificate surrendered
     shall  be  properly  endorsed  or  shall  be  otherwise  in proper form for
     transfer  and  that  the  Person requesting such delivery or exchange shall
     have  paid any transfer and other taxes required by reason of such delivery
     or  exchange  in  a  name  other  than that of the registered holder of the
     Certificate  surrendered  or  shall  have  established  to  the  reasonable
     satisfaction  of FHNC or its agent that such tax either has been paid or is
     not  payable.

          (2)     No  holder  of  Seller  Common  Stock  who  elects  Stock
     Consideration  shall be entitled to exercise any rights as a shareholder of
     FHNC  until  such holder shall have properly surrendered its Certificate(s)
     (together  with  all required documents) as set forth above. No dividend or
     other  distribution  payable  after  the Effective Time with respect to the
     FHNC  Common  Stock  shall  be  paid  to  the  holder  of any unsurrendered
     Certificate until the holder properly surrenders such Certificate (together
     with  all  required documents), at which time such holder shall receive all
     dividends  and  distributions,  without  interest, previously withheld from
     such  holder  pursuant  to  this Agreement. After the Effective Time, there
     shall  be  no  transfers on the stock transfer books of Seller of shares of
     Seller Common Stock which were issued and outstanding at the Effective Time
     and  converted  pursuant  to the provisions of the Merger into the right to
     receive the Merger Consideration. If after the Effective Time, Certificates
     are presented for transfer to Seller, they shall be cancelled and exchanged
     for the Merger Consideration in accordance with the procedures set forth in
     this  Article.

          (3)     After the Effective Time, holders of Seller Common Stock shall
     cease  to  be,  and  shall have no rights as, shareholders of Seller, other
     than  to  receive  the  Merger  Consideration.

          (4)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither FHNC nor Seller nor any
     other  Person  shall  be  liable  to  any former holder of shares of Seller
     Common  Stock  for  any  amount  properly  delivered  to  a public official
     pursuant  to  applicable  abandoned property, escheat or similar Applicable
     Laws.

          (5)     In  the  event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or
     destroyed,  upon  receipt of appropriate evidence as to such loss, theft or
     destruction and to the ownership of such Certificate by the Person claiming
     such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and the receipt by FHNC of
     appropriate  and customary indemnification including, when appropriate, the
     posting  of  bond,  FHNC  will  issue  in exchange for such lost, stolen or
     destroyed  certificate  the  Merger  Consideration,  deliverable in respect
     thereof  as  determined  in  accordance  with  this  Article  I.

     (H)     BANK  MERGER.  FHNC  and  Seller will take all action necessary and
             ------------
appropriate  to cause their respective subsidiaries FTB and Seller Bank to enter
into a merger agreement and to merge (the "Bank Merger") simultaneously with or,
if  such  Bank  Merger  cannot  be  effected


                                        6
<PAGE>
simultaneously  with, immediately after the consummation of the Merger, pursuant
to  the  provisions  of  Applicable Law.  A form of the Bank Merger Agreement is
attached  hereto  as  EXHIBIT  A.  At the effective time of the Bank Merger (the
"Effective  Time"),  the  articles of association and bylaws of FTB shall be the
articles  of  association  and bylaws immediately prior to the Effective Time of
the  Bank  Merger,  until  duly  amended in accordance with their terms.  At the
Effective  Time  of  the Bank Merger, the directors and officers of FTB shall be
the directors and officers of FTB immediately prior to the Effective Time of the
Bank  Merger.

     (I)     RIGHT  TO REVISE THE STRUCTURE OF THE TRANSACTION.  FHNC shall have
             -------------------------------------------------
the right, in its sole discretion to revise the structure of the Merger in order
to  achieve  tax benefits or for any other reason which FHNC may deem advisable;
provided,  however,  that FHNC shall not have the right, without the approval of
the  board  of directors of Seller, to make any revision to the structure of the
Merger which (i) changes the amount, form or nature of the Merger Consideration,
including  specifically  the  registered nature of any Stock Consideration; (ii)
changes  the  intended  tax-deferred  effect  of the Merger; or (iii) materially
impedes  or  delays  consummation  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
Agreement.  FHNC may exercise this right of revision by giving written notice to
Seller  in  the  manner  provided  in  this  Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II

                             ACTIONS PENDING MERGER

     Prior to the earlier of the Effective Time or termination of this Agreement
     by  either  party,

     (A)     Without  the  prior  written  consent  of  FHNC,  Seller  will not:

          (1)     make,  declare  or  pay any dividend on Seller Common Stock or
     declare  or  make  any  distribution on, or directly or indirectly combine,
     redeem,  reclassify,  purchase  or  otherwise  acquire,  any  shares of its
     capital  stock  (other than in a fiduciary capacity or in respect of a debt
     previously  contracted in good faith) or authorize the creation or issuance
     of  or  issue  or  sell any additional shares of Seller's capital stock, or
     grant  any  Rights to subscribe for or acquire shares of its capital stock;

          (2)     merge  or consolidate or permit any Seller Subsidiary to merge
     or  consolidate with any other entity or engage in any similar transaction.

     (B)     Without  the  prior written consent of FHNC, which consent will not
be  unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned, Seller will not and will not
permit  any  Seller  Subsidiary  to:

          (1)     pay any bonus to, or increase the rate of compensation of, any
     of  its  directors, officers or employees, except in the ordinary course of
     business  consistent  with  past  practice,  or  enter  into any employment
     contracts  with  any  Persons;

          (2)     enter  into or modify or permit any Seller Subsidiary to enter
     into  or modify (except as may be required by Applicable Law and except for
     the  renewal  of any existing plan or arrangement in the ordinary course of
     business  consistent  with  past


                                        7
<PAGE>
     practice)  any  pension, retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings,
     profit  sharing,  deferred compensation, consulting, bonus, group insurance
     or  other  employee  benefit,  incentive  or  welfare  contract,  plan  or
     arrangement,  or  any trust agreement related thereto, in respect of any of
     its  directors,  officers  or  other  employees,  except  as  expressly
     contemplated  by  this  Agreement;

          (3)     substantially modify the manner in which Seller and the Seller
     Subsidiaries have heretofore conducted their business, taken as a whole, or
     amend  their articles of incorporation, articles of association, or bylaws;

          (4)     except  for transactions in the ordinary course of its banking
     business,  sell,  dispose of or discontinue or permit any Seller Subsidiary
     to  sell,  dispose  or  discontinue  any of its business, assets (including
     investment  securities)  or  property;

          (5)     except for the acquisition of loans, investment securities and
     cash  equivalent  assets  in  the  ordinary course of its banking business,
     acquire (other than through foreclosure or satisfaction in whole or in part
     of  indebtedness  owed  Seller)  any assets or business that is material to
     such  party;

          (6)     except  in  the ordinary course of its banking business, enter
     into  off-balance  sheet  transactions;

          (7)     take  any  other action not in the ordinary course of business
     of  it  and  its  subsidiaries,  taken  as  a  whole;  or

          (8)     directly  or  indirectly  agree  to  take any of the foregoing
     actions.

     In  the  event  Seller requests FHNC's consent to any such action, and FHNC
has  not  replied  to  Seller by refusing such consent, together with reasonable
supporting  information  for  such  refusal, within five business days of FHNC's
receipt of its request for approval, such action shall be deemed consented to by
FHNC.

                                   ARTICLE III

                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

     Except as disclosed in the Seller Disclosure Letter, Seller represents and
warrants to FHNC the following:

     (A)     ORGANIZATION.  Seller  is  a  corporation  duly  organized, validly
             -------------
existing,  and  in  good  standing under the laws of the State of Georgia.  Each
Seller Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the  laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of its incorporation.  The deposit accounts of
Seller  Bank  are  insured  by  the  FDIC through the Bank Insurance Fund to the
fullest  extent  permitted  by  Applicable Law, and all premiums and assessments
required  to  be paid in connection with such insurance have been paid when due.


                                        8
<PAGE>
     (B)     AUTHORITY AND QUALIFICATION.  Seller and each Seller Subsidiary has
             ---------------------------
the  power and authority, and is duly qualified in all jurisdictions (except for
such qualifications the absence of which either individually or in the aggregate
will  not  have a Material Adverse Effect) where such qualification is required,
to  carry  on  its  business  as  it  is  now being conducted and to own all its
material  properties  and  assets,  and  it  has  all federal, state, local, and
foreign  governmental  authorizations  necessary  for  it  to  own  or lease its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted,
except  for  such  powers  and  authorizations  the  absence  of  which,  either
individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (C)     CAPITALIZATION.  As  of  the  date  of  this  Agreement, Seller has
             ---------------
2,000,000  authorized shares of preferred stock, no par value, with no shares of
preferred  stock  outstanding, 10,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par
value  $1.00 per share, of which 1,200,000 shares are issued and outstanding and
113,000  shares  are  reserved  for  issuance  pursuant  to  Seller's 2001 Stock
Incentive  Plan,  as  amended,  and  300,000  shares  are  reserved for issuance
pursuant  to  organizer  warrants  (no  other  class  of  capital  stock  being
authorized).  Other  than  the  shares of Seller Common Stock reserved under the
2001 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and the organizer warrants, Seller has no
shares  of its capital stock reserved for issuance, and there are no outstanding
Rights  to subscribe for or acquire from Seller any shares of its capital stock.
Seller and each Seller Subsidiary's outstanding shares of capital stock are duly
authorized,  validly  issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and
subject  to  no  preemptive  rights.

     (D)     OWNERSHIP  OF  SELLER  SUBSIDIARIES.  Seller  has  identified  each
             ------------------------------------
Seller  Subsidiary  in  the  Seller  Disclosure  Letter.  Seller owns all of the
issued  and  outstanding  shares  of  common  stock  of  each  of  the  Seller
Subsidiaries.  The  shares  of capital stock of each Seller Subsidiary are owned
by  Seller free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances and restrictions on
transfer  (other  than  those imposed by Applicable Law) and there are no rights
with  respect  to  such  capital  stock.

     (E)     CORPORATE BOOKS AND RECORDS.  The respective minute books of Seller
             ----------------------------
and  each  Seller  Subsidiary  accurately  record, in all material respects, all
material  corporate  actions  of  their  respective  shareholders  and boards of
directors  through  the  date  of  this  Agreement.

     (F)     VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement has been validly approved by
             ----------------------
the  board of directors of Seller.  Subject to approval of this Agreement by the
Seller  Shareholders  and  subject  to  receipt of Required Regulatory Authority
Approvals, this Agreement is a valid and binding agreement of Seller enforceable
against  it  in  accordance  with  its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,
fraudulent  transfer,  reorganization,  moratorium  and  similar laws of general
applicability  relating  to or affecting creditors' rights and to general equity
principles.

     (G)     NO BREACHES OR VIOLATIONS.  The execution, delivery and performance
             --------------------------
of  this  Agreement by Seller does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  hereby by it will not, constitute (l) a breach or violation of, or
a  default  under,  any  Applicable  Law,  which  breach,  violation or default,
individually or collectively, will have a Material Adverse Effect, or enable any
Person  to enjoin any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (2) a breach or
violation  of,  or a default under, the certificate or articles of incorporation
(or  articles  of association) or bylaws of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary; and
the  consummation  of  the


                                        9
<PAGE>
transactions  contemplated hereby will not require any consent or approval under
any  such law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or
license, other than the Required Regulatory Authority Approvals and the approval
of the Seller Shareholders and other than any consents and approvals the absence
of  which  will  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (H)     REPORTS.  As  of  their  respective  dates, neither Seller's Annual
             --------
Report  on  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, nor any other
document  filed  subsequent to December 31, 2003 under the Exchange Act with the
SEC  nor,  Seller's  interim unaudited monthly consolidated financial report for
the period ended September 30, 2004, nor any call reports filed with the FDIC or
financial  reports  filed  with  the  Federal  Reserve (collectively the "Seller
Reports")  contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state
a  material  fact  required  to  be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make the
statements  made  therein,  in  light of the circumstances under which they were
made,  not  misleading.  Each  of  the  balance  sheets  in  or  incorporated by
reference  into  the  Seller Reports (including the related notes and schedules)
fairly  presents  the  financial  position of the entity or entities to which it
relates  as  of  its  date and each of the statements of operations and retained
earnings  and  of  cash  flow  and  changes  in financial position or equivalent
statements  in  or  incorporated by reference into its Seller Reports (including
any  related  notes  and  schedules)  fairly presents the results of operations,
retained  earnings and cash flows and changes in financial position, as the case
may  be, of the entity or entities to which it relates for the periods set forth
therein  (subject,  in  the  case of unaudited interim statements or reports, to
normal year-end audit adjustments that are not material in amount or effect), in
each  case in accordance with GAAP (or, with respect to the Seller Reports filed
with  the  applicable  Regulatory  Authority,  in  accordance  with  regulatory
accounting principles), consistently applied during the periods involved, except
as  may  be  noted  therein.

     (I)     INTERNAL  CONTROLS.  Seller  and  each  Seller  Subsidiary  has
             -------------------
maintained a system of internal accounting and disclosure controls sufficient to
provide  reasonable  assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with  management's  general  or  specific  authorizations, (ii) transactions are
recorded  as necessary to permit preparation of the Seller Reports in conformity
with  GAAP  (or,  with  respect  to the Seller Reports filed with the applicable
Regulatory  Authority,  in accordance with regulatory accounting principles) and
to  maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only
in  accordance with management's general or specific authorization, and (iv) the
recorded  accountability  for  assets  is  compared  with the existing assets at
reasonable  intervals,  and  appropriate  action  is  taken  with respect to any
differences.

     (J)     ABSENCE  OF  UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES.  Seller has no obligations or
             -------------------------------------
liabilities  (whether  absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) which are not
disclosed  in  the  Seller Reports, the omission of which would singly or in the
aggregate  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  Since  the date of Seller's most
recent Seller Reports filed with the SEC, it has not incurred any liabilities or
obligations  (whether  absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of any nature
except liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or
which  would  not  singly  or  in  the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (K)     NO  MATERIAL  ADVERSE  CHANGE.  There has been no adverse change in
             ------------------------------
the  financial  condition  of  Seller and Seller Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
since  December  31,  2004  which  has  had  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.


                                       10
<PAGE>
     (L)     INSURANCE.  True  and  correct  copies  of  all  insurance policies
             ----------
presently  in  force  covering  the  Seller,  any  Seller  Subsidiary,  or their
officers,  directors,  employee, or properties have previously been disclosed to
FHNC  and are listed in the Seller Disclosure Letter (the "Insurance Policies").
The  Insurance  Policies  (i) provide adequate insurance coverage for the assets
and  the  operations  of  Seller  and Seller Subsidiaries for the risks normally
insured  against  by  businesses  conducting comparable lines of business as the
Seller;  (ii) are sufficient for compliance with all contractual requirements to
which the Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries are parties; (iii) will continue in
full  force and effect following the consummation of the Merger; and (iv) do not
provide  for  any  retrospective  premium  adjustment  or other experience based
liability  on the part of the Seller or the Seller Subsidiaries.  Seller has not
received notice from any insurance carrier that (i) such Insurance Policies will
be  canceled  or  that  coverage  will be reduced or eliminated, or (ii) premium
costs  with  respect  to  the  Insurance  Policies will be materially increased.

     (M)     LOANS.  Each  loan  reflected  as  an  asset  of Seller in the most
             ------
recent  Seller  Report  or acquired or originated since that date, is the legal,
valid,  and  binding  obligation  of  the  obligor named therein, enforceable in
accordance  with  its  terms,  subject  to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or
other  similar laws affecting the enforceability of creditors' rights generally,
and no loan is subject to any asserted defense, offset, or counterclaim known to
Seller.  Except as previously disclosed to FHNC in the Seller Disclosure Letter,
Seller  Bank  does  not  have  any  loan  which has been (or should have been in
management's  reasonable  opinion)  classified  as  "Other  Assets  Especially
Mentioned,"  Substandard,"  "Doubtful"  or  "Loss,"  or  similar classification.

     (N)     INVESTMENTS.  Except for investments classified as held-to-maturity
             ------------
as  prescribed  under  the Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement Number
115,  and  pledges  to  secure public or trust deposits, none of the investments
reflected  in  the  Seller  Reports  is  subject  to  any  restriction,  whether
contractual  or statutory, that materially impairs the ability of Seller and the
Seller  Subsidiaries  freely  to  dispose of such investments at any time, other
than  may  be  imposed  by  Applicable  Law.  With  respect  to  all  repurchase
agreements to which Seller or the Seller Subsidiaries are a party, Seller or the
Seller  Subsidiaries,  as the case may be, have a valid, perfected first lien or
security  interest  in  the  collateral securing such repurchase agreement which
equals  or  exceeds  the  amount  of  debt secured by such collateral under such
agreement.

     (O)     INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY.  Seller and the Seller Subsidiaries own, or
             -----------------------
are  licensed  or  otherwise  possess  legally  enforceable  rights  to  use all
Intellectual  Property that are used in their businesses as currently conducted.
Seller  has  not  received  notice  of  and  does  not have any knowledge of any
potential  claim  of  any  infringement  on  any  of  its Intellectual Property.

     (P)     RELATED  PARTY  TRANSACTIONS.  Except  as  described  in the Seller
             -----------------------------
Reports,  neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary is a party to any transaction
with  any  Affiliate  of  Seller  (except  a  Seller  Subsidiary).  All  such
transactions  identified  in  the  Seller  Reports (i) were made in the ordinary
course  of  business,  (ii) were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest  rates  and  collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions  with other Persons, and (iii) did not involve more than the normal
risk of collectibility or present other unfavorable features.  No loan or credit
accommodation  to any Affiliate of Seller is presently in default or, during the
three  year  period  prior to the date of this Agreement, has been in default or
has  been  restructured,  modified  or  extended.


                                       11
<PAGE>
     (Q)     TAXES.  All material federal, state, local, and foreign tax returns
             ------
required  to  be  filed  by or on behalf of Seller or any Seller Subsidiary have
been timely filed or requests for extensions have been timely filed and any such
extension  shall  have  been  granted and not have expired, and all such returns
filed  are  complete  and  accurate in all material respects.  All taxes owed by
Seller  have  been paid in full or adequate provision has been made for any such
taxes  on  its  balance sheet (in accordance with GAAP).  As of the date of this
Agreement,  there is no audit examination, deficiency, or refund litigation with
respect  to  any  taxes  of  Seller and Seller is not aware of any basis for the
assertion  of  any claim for any tax deficiency for which adequate provision has
not  been  made  on  its balance sheet that would result in a determination that
would  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  All  taxes, interest, additions, and
penalties  due  with  respect to completed and settled examinations or concluded
litigation  relating  to Seller have been paid in full or adequate provision has
been  made  for  any  such taxes on its balance sheet (in accordance with GAAP).
Seller  has not executed an extension or waiver of any statute of limitations on
the  assessment  or  collection  of  any  material  tax due that is currently in
effect.

     (R)     ABSENCE  OF  LITIGATION  OR  REGULATORY  ACTIONS.
             -------------------------------------------------

          (1)     No  litigation,  proceeding or controversy before any court or
     governmental  agency  is  pending, and there is no pending claim, action or
     proceeding against Seller or any Seller Subsidiary, which in the reasonable
     judgment of Seller's management is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
     or to prevent consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and, to
     Seller's  knowledge,  no such litigation, proceeding, controversy, claim or
     action  has been threatened or is contemplated, and, to Seller's knowledge,
     there  are  no facts or circumstances which could form the reasonable basis
     for any claim, action or proceeding (including, but not limited to, a claim
     for  violation  of  any  state or federal fair lending laws or regulations)
     which  is  likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent consummation
     of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

          (2)     Neither  Seller  nor  any  Seller Subsidiary is subject to any
     cease  and  desist  order, written agreement or memorandum of understanding
     with,  or a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is
     subject  to  any  order  or  directive  by,  or  is  a  recipient  of  any
     extraordinary  supervisory  letter  from,  or  is  subject  to  any  board
     resolutions  at the request of the applicable Regulatory Authority, nor has
     it  been  advised  by  any  Regulatory  Authority  that it is contemplating
     issuing  or requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of issuing or
     requesting)  any  such  order,  directive, written agreement, memorandum of
     understanding,  extraordinary  supervisory letter, commitment letter, board
     resolutions  or  similar  undertaking.

     (S)     MATERIAL  CONTRACTS.  Except  for  this  Agreement and arrangements
             --------------------
made  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  neither  Seller  nor  any Seller
Subsidiary  is  bound  by  any  Material Contract to be performed after the date
hereof  that  has not been filed with or incorporated by reference in the Seller
Reports.  Each  of  the Material Contracts is in full force and effect.  Neither
Seller  nor  any Seller Subsidiary (nor, to Seller's knowledge, any other party)
has  breached  any  provision  or  is  in  default  of  any  Material  Contract.

     (T)     EMPLOYEE  BENEFIT  PLANS.  All "employee benefit plans", as defined
             -------------------------
in  Section  3(3)  of  ERISA,  that  cover  Seller's  or any Seller Subsidiary's
employees  comply  in  all


                                       12
<PAGE>
material  respects with all applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code and other
Applicable  Laws  and  no  event  has occurred and, to its knowledge, no fact or
circumstance  exists with respect to any employee benefit plan now or previously
existing  which  would  result  in a Material Adverse Effect on Seller.  Neither
Seller  nor  any Seller Subsidiary has engaged in a "prohibited transaction" (as
defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) with respect to any
such  plan  which  is  likely to result in any material penalties or taxes under
Section  502(i)  of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  No material liability to
the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation has been or is expected by Seller to be
incurred  with  respect  to  any such plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA
("Pension  Plan"),  or with respect to any "single-employer plan" (as defined in
Section  4001(a)(15)  of  ERISA) currently or formerly maintained by it, them or
any  entity which is considered one employer with it under Section 4001 of ERISA
or  Section  414  of  the  Code.  No  Pension  Plan  had an "accumulated funding
deficiency" as defined in Section 302 of ERISA (whether or not waived) as of the
last  day  of  the  end  of  the  most recent plan year ending prior to the date
hereof.  The  fair  market  value of the assets of each Pension Plan exceeds the
present value of the "benefit liabilities" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(16) of
ERISA)  under  such Pension Plan as of the end of the most recent plan year with
respect  to  the  respective Plan ending prior to the date hereof, calculated on
the  basis  of  the  actuarial  assumptions  used  in  the most recent actuarial
valuation  for  such  Pension  Plan  as  of  the  date  hereof.  No  notice of a
"reportable  event"  (as  defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) for which the 30-day
reporting  requirement has not been waived has been required to be filed for any
Pension  Plan  within  the  12-month  period ending on the date hereof.  Neither
Seller  nor  any  Seller  Subsidiary  has  provided,  or is required to provide,
security  to  any  Pension  Plan  pursuant  to  Section  401(a)(29) of the Code.
Neither  Seller  nor  any  Seller Subsidiary has contributed to a "multiemployer
plan"  as  defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA.  Except as disclosed in the Seller
Disclosure  Letter, neither Seller nor any Seller Subsidiary has any obligations
for  retiree  health  and  life  benefits  under  any  benefit plan, contract or
arrangement.

     (U)     TITLE  TO  PROPERTY.  Seller  and  each  Seller Subsidiary has good
             --------------------
title  to  its  properties  and  assets  (other  than property as to which it is
lessee),  free  and  clear of any Encumbrances, except for such defects in title
which  would  not,  in  the  aggregate,  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (V)     REGULATORY  APPROVALS.  Seller  knows of no reason why the Required
             ----------------------
Regulatory  Approvals  should  not  be  obtained  without  the imposition of any
condition  of  the  type  which  would  reduce  the benefits of the transactions
contemplated  hereby to such a degree that FHNC would not have entered into this
Agreement  had  such  conditions  or requirements been known at the date hereof.

     (W)     ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES.  Seller Bank's reserve for possible loan
             --------------------------
losses  as  shown  (i) in Seller's Report for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003,  was  adequate in all material respects under GAAP applicable to banks and
safe  and  sound  banking practices; and (ii) in Seller Bank's unaudited interim
consolidated financial report at December 31, 2004 was, in its opinion, adequate
in  all  material  respects  under  GAAP  applicable to banks and safe and sound
banking  practices.  The  net book value of any of Seller Bank's assets acquired
through  foreclosure  in satisfaction of problem loans ("ORE") is carried on the
balance  sheet  in  the  Seller Reports at fair value at the time of acquisition
less  estimated  selling costs which approximate the net realizable value of the
ORE  in  accordance  with  GAAP.


                                       13
<PAGE>
     (X)     COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS.  Seller  and the Seller Subsidiaries are in
             -----------------------
compliance  with  all  Applicable Laws, except where the failure to comply would
not  have  a Material Adverse Effect.  Seller and each Seller Subsidiary has all
permits, licenses, certificates of authority, orders, and approvals of, and have
made  all  filings, applications, and registrations with, federal, state, local,
and  foreign  governmental  or  regulatory  bodies that are required in order to
permit  it to carry on its business as it is presently conducted and the absence
of  which  would  have  a  Material Adverse Effect.  All such permits, licenses,
certificates  of  authority, orders, and approvals are in full force and effect,
and  to  Seller's  knowledge,  no  suspension  or cancellation of any of them is
threatened.

     (Y)     LABOR  RELATIONS.  Neither  Seller  nor  any Seller Subsidiary is a
             -----------------
party  to,  or  is  bound  by, any collective bargaining agreement, contract, or
other  agreement  or understanding with a labor union or labor organization, nor
is  Seller  or  any Seller Subsidiary the subject of a proceeding asserting that
Seller  or any such Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor practice or seeking
to  compel  it  or  such Subsidiary to bargain with any labor organization as to
wages  and  conditions  of  employment,  nor  is there any strike or other labor
dispute  involving  Seller  or  any  Seller  Subsidiary  pending  or threatened.

     (Z)     BROKER  FEES.  Except  for  services  performed for Seller by Burke
             -------------
Capital  Group,  L.L.C.,  neither  Seller  nor any Seller Subsidiary, nor any of
their  respective  officers, directors, or employees, has employed any broker or
finder  or  incurred  any  liability  for any financial advisory fees, brokerage
fees,  commissions, or finder's fees, and no broker or finder has acted directly
or  indirectly  for  Seller  or  any  Seller Subsidiary, in connection with this
Agreement  or  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

     (AA)    NO UNTRUE STATEMENTS.  The information to be supplied by Seller for
             ---------------------
inclusion  in  (1)  the  Registration  Statement  or  (2)  the  Proxy
Statement/Prospectus  will  not  at the time such Registration Statement becomes
effective,  and  in the case of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus at the time it is
mailed  and  at  the time of the meeting of Shareholders contemplated under this
Agreement,  contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material  fact  required  to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading.

     (BB)    ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS.  To the knowledge of Seller, neither Seller nor
             -------------------
any  Seller  Subsidiary  has  been  or  is  in  violation of or liable under any
Environmental  Law,  except  any  such violations or liabilities which would not
reasonably  be  expected  to  singly or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse
Effect  on  Seller.  To  the  knowledge  of  Seller,  none of the Loan Portfolio
Properties  and  Other  Properties  Owned by Seller or any Seller Subsidiary has
been  or  is  in  violation of or liable under any Environmental Law, except for
such  violations or liabilities which singly or in the aggregate will not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect  on  Seller.  To the knowledge of Seller, there are no
actions,  suits, demands, notices, claims, investigations or proceedings pending
or  threatened  relating  to  the liability of the Loan Portfolio Properties and
Other  Properties  Owned  by  Seller  or  any  Seller  Subsidiary  under  any
Environmental  Law,  including without limitation any notices, demand letters or
requests for information from any federal or state environmental agency relating
to  any  such  liabilities under or violations of Environmental Law, except such
which  will  not  have  or  result  in  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.


                                       14
<PAGE>
     (CC)    FULL DISCLOSURE.  No representation or warranty of Seller contained
             ----------------
in  this  Agreement  or  in  any agreement, document or certificate delivered by
Seller  to FHNC pursuant to this Agreement (i) contains or at the Effective Time
will  contain  any  untrue  statement of a material fact or (ii) omits or at the
Effective  Time  will  omit  to  state  a  material  fact  necessary to make the
statements  herein  or  herein,  in  light of the circumstances under which such
statements  were  or  will  be  made,  not  misleading.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF FHNC

          FHNC represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

     (A)     ORGANIZATION.  FHNC  is  a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly
             -------------
existing,  and  in good standing under the laws of the State of Tennessee.  Each
FHNC  Subsidiary  is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the  laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.  The deposit accounts of FTB
are  insured  by  the FDIC through the Bank Insurance Fund to the fullest extent
permitted  by  Applicable  Law,  and all premiums and assessments required to be
paid  in  connection  with  such  insurance  have  been  paid  when  due.

     (B)     AUTHORITY AND QUALIFICATION.  FHNC has the power and authority, and
             ---------------------------
is  duly  qualified  in  all  jurisdictions  (except for such qualifications the
absence  of  which  either  individually  or  in  the  aggregate will not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect) where such qualification is required, to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted and to own all its material properties and
assets,  and  it  has  all  federal,  state,  local,  and  foreign  governmental
authorizations necessary for it to own or lease its properties and assets and to
carry  on  its business as it is now being conducted, except for such powers and
authorizations  the  absence  of which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (C)     CAPITALIZATION.  As  of  February  28,  2005,  FHNC  has 5,000,0000
             ---------------
authorized  shares  of  preferred  stock,  no  par value, of which no shares are
issued  or  outstanding,  and 400,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par
value  $.625  per share, of which 123,923,396 shares are issued and outstanding.
FHNC's  outstanding  shares  of  FHNC  Common Stock are duly authorized, validly
issued  and  outstanding,  fully  paid  and  non-assessable,  and  subject to no
preemptive  rights.  The  shares  of  FHNC Common Stock to be issued pursuant to
this Agreement, when issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will
be  duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and subject to
no  preemptive  rights.

     (D)     VALIDITY OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement has been validly approved by
             ----------------------
the  board  of  directors  of  FHNC.  Subject  to receipt of Required Regulatory
Authority  Approvals,  this  Agreement  is a valid and binding agreement of FHNC
enforceable  against  it  in  accordance  with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency,  fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of
general  applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and to general
equity  principles.

     (E)     NO BREACHES OR VIOLATIONS.  The execution, delivery and performance
             --------------------------
of  this  Agreement  by  FHNC does not, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated  hereby


                                       15
<PAGE>
by it will not, constitute (l) a breach or violation of, or a default under, any
law,  rule  or regulation or any judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or
license,  or  agreement, indenture or instrument of it or to which it (or any of
its  properties) is subject, which breach, violation or default, individually or
collectively,  will  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect, or enable any Person to
enjoin  any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (2) a breach or violation
of,  or  a default under, the charter or bylaws of FHNC; and the consummation of
the  transactions  contemplated  hereby will not require any consent or approval
under  any  such  law,  rule,  regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental
permit  or  license  or  the  consent or approval of any other party to any such
agreement, indenture or instrument, other than the Required Regulatory Approvals
and  other  than any consents and approvals the absence of which will not have a
Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (F)     REPORTS.  As  of  their  respective  dates,  neither  FHNC's Annual
             --------
Report  on  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003, nor any other
document  filed  subsequent to December 31, 2003 under the Exchange Act with the
SEC nor any call reports filed with the FDIC or financial reports filed with the
Federal Reserve (collectively the "FHNC Reports") contained any untrue statement
of  a  material  fact  or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
therein  or  necessary  to  make  the  statements  made therein, in light of the
circumstances  under  which they were made, not misleading.  Each of the balance
sheets  in  or  incorporated  by  reference into the FHNC Reports (including the
related  notes  and  schedules)  fairly  presents  the financial position of the
entity or entities to which it relates as of its date and each of the statements
of  operations  and  retained earnings and of cash flow and changes in financial
position  or equivalent statements in or incorporated by reference into its FHNC
Reports  (including any related notes and schedules) fairly presents the results
of  operations,  retained  earnings  and  cash  flows  and  changes in financial
position,  as the case may be, of the entity or entities to which it relates for
the  periods  set  forth  therein  (subject,  in  the  case of unaudited interim
statements  or  reports,  to  normal  year-end  audit  adjustments  that are not
material  in  amount  or effect), in each case in accordance with GAAP (or, with
respect  to  the FHNC Reports filed with the applicable Regulatory Authority, in
accordance  with  regulatory accounting principles), consistently applied during
the  periods  involved,  except  as  may  be  noted  therein.

     (G)     INTERNAL  CONTROLS.  FHNC and each FHNC Subsidiary has maintained a
             -------------------
system  of  internal  accounting  and  disclosure controls sufficient to provide
reasonable  assurances  that  (i)  transactions  are executed in accordance with
management's  general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as  necessary  to permit preparation of the FHNC Reports in conformity with GAAP
(or,  with  respect  to  the  FHNC  Reports filed with the applicable Regulatory
Authority,  in accordance with regulatory accounting principles) and to maintain
accountability  for  assets,  (iii)  access  to  assets  is  permitted  only  in
accordance  with  management's  general  or specific authorization, and (iv) the
recorded  accountability  for  assets  is  compared  with the existing assets at
reasonable  intervals,  and  appropriate  action  is  taken  with respect to any
differences.

     (H)     ABSENCE  OF  UNDISCLOSED  LIABILITIES.  FHNC  has no obligations or
             --------------------------------------
liabilities  (whether  absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) which are not
disclosed  in  the  FHNC  Reports,  the omission of which would singly or in the
aggregate  have a Material Adverse Effect.  Since the date of FHNC's most recent
FHNC  Report  filed  with  the  SEC,  it  has  not  incurred  any liabilities or
obligations  (whether  absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of any nature


                                       16
<PAGE>
except liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or
which  would  not  singly  or  in  the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (I)     NO  MATERIAL  ADVERSE  CHANGE.  There has been no adverse change in
             ------------------------------
the  financial  condition  of  FHNC and the FHNC Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
since  December  31,  2003  which  has  had  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.

     (J)     BROKER/FINDER  FEES.  Neither FHNC nor any FHNC Subsidiary, nor any
             --------------------
of  their  respective officers, directors, or employees, has employed any broker
or  finder  or incurred any liability for any financial advisory fees, brokerage
fees,  commissions, or finder's fees, and no broker or finder has acted directly
or  indirectly  for  FHNC  or  any  of its subsidiaries, in connection with this
Agreement  or  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

     (K)     ABSENCE  OF  LITIGATION  OR  REGULATORY  ACTIONS.
             -------------------------------------------------

          (1)     No  litigation,  proceeding or controversy before any court or
     governmental  agency  is  pending, and there is no pending claim, action or
     proceeding  against  FHNC  or  any FHNC Subsidiary, which in the reasonable
     judgment  of  FHNC's management is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect
     or to prevent consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and, to
     FHNC's  knowledge,  no  such  litigation, proceeding, controversy, claim or
     action  has  been  threatened or is contemplated, and, to FHNC's knowledge,
     there  are  no facts or circumstances which could form the reasonable basis
     for any claim, action or proceeding (including, but not limited to, a claim
     for  violation  of  any  state or federal fair lending laws or regulations)
     which  is  likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or prevent consummation
     of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

          (2)     Neither  FHNC  nor any FHNC Subsidiary is subject to any cease
     and desist order, written agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or
     a  party  to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject
     to  any  order  or  directive  by,  or  is a recipient of any extraordinary
     supervisory  letter  from,  or  is  subject to any board resolutions at the
     request  of the applicable Regulatory Authority, nor has it been advised by
     any Regulatory Authority that it is contemplating issuing or requesting (or
     is  considering  the  appropriateness  of  issuing  or requesting) any such
     order,  directive,  written  agreement,  memorandum  of  understanding,
     extraordinary  supervisory  letter, commitment letter, board resolutions or
     similar  undertaking.

     (L)     REGULATORY  APPROVALS.  FHNC  knows  of  no reason why the Required
             ----------------------
Regulatory  Approvals  should  not  be  obtained  without  the imposition of any
condition  of  the  type  which  would  reduce  the benefits of the transactions
contemplated  hereby  to  such  a degree that Seller would not have entered into
this  Agreement  had  such  conditions  or  requirements  been known at the date
hereof.

     (M)     COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS.  FHNC  and  the  FHNC  Subsidiaries  are in
             -----------------------
compliance  with  all  Applicable Laws, except where the failure to comply would
not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  FHNC  and each FHNC Subsidiary has all
permits, licenses, certificates of authority, orders, and approvals of, and have
made  all  filings, applications, and registrations with, federal, state, local,
and  foreign  governmental  or  regulatory  bodies that are required in order to
permit  it


                                       17
<PAGE>
to  carry  on its business as it is presently conducted and the absence of which
would  have a Material Adverse Effect.  All such permits, licenses, certificates
of  authority, orders, and approvals are in full force and effect, and to FHNC's
knowledge,  no  suspension  or  cancellation  of  any  of  them  is  threatened.

     (N)     NO  UNTRUE  STATEMENTS.  The information to be supplied by FHNC for
             -----------------------
inclusion  in  (1)  the  Registration  Statement  or  (2)  the  Proxy
Statement/Prospectus  will  not  at the time such Registration Statement becomes
effective,  and  in the case of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus at the time it is
mailed  and  at  the time of the meeting of Shareholders contemplated under this
Agreement,  contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material  fact  required  to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading.

     (O)     FULL  DISCLOSURE.  No  representation or warranty of FHNC contained
             -----------------
in this Agreement or in any agreement, document or certificate delivered by FHNC
to  Seller pursuant to this Agreement (i) contains or at the Effective Time will
contain  any  untrue  statement  of  a  material  fact  or  (ii) omits or at the
Effective  Time  will  omit  to  state  a  material  fact  necessary to make the
statements  herein  or  herein,  in  light of the circumstances under which such
statements  were  or  will  be  made,  not  misleading

                                    ARTICLE V
                                    COVENANTS

     FHNC hereby covenants to Seller, and Seller hereby covenants to FHNC, the
following:

     (A)     BEST  EFFORTS.  It shall use its best efforts in good faith to take
             --------------
or  cause  to be taken all action necessary or desirable under this Agreement on
its  part  as  promptly  as  practicable so as to permit the consummation of the
transactions  contemplated  by  this Agreement at the earliest possible date and
cooperate  fully  with  the  other  party  hereto  to  that  end.

     (B)     SHAREHOLDER  MEETING.  In the case of Seller, it shall (1) take all
             ---------------------
steps  necessary to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its
shareholders  for  the  purpose  of  approving  this  Agreement  as  soon  as is
reasonably  practicable;  (2)  subject to the fiduciary duties of the directors,
recommend  to its shareholders that they approve this Agreement and use its best
efforts  to  obtain  such approval; (3) distribute to its shareholders the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus  in  accordance  with  Applicable  Law  and  with  its
organizational  documents;  and (4) cooperate and consult with FHNC with respect
to  each  of  the  foregoing  matters.

     (C)     COOPERATION.  It  will  cooperate  in the preparation and filing of
             ------------
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Registration Statement in order to consummate
the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  as  soon  as is reasonably
practicable.

     (D)     NOTICE  OF  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  EFFECTIVENESS.  In the case of
             ---------------------------------------------------
FHNC, it will advise Seller, promptly after FHNC receives notice thereof, of the
time  when  the Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement or
amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order or the suspension of
the  qualification  of the shares of FHNC Common Stock issuable pursuant to this
Agreement  for  offering  or  sale  in  any  jurisdiction,  of the initiation or


                                       18
<PAGE>
threat  of  any proceeding for any such purpose or of any request by the SEC for
the  amendment  or  supplement  of  the Registration Statement or for additional
information.

     (E)     COMPLIANCE WITH STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  In  the  case  of  FHNC, it
             --------------------------------------
shall  use  its  best  efforts  to  obtain,  prior  to the effective date of the
Registration Statement, all necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky" permits
and  approvals  required  to  carry  out  the  transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

     (F)     PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT.  Subject to its disclosure obligations imposed
             --------------------
by Applicable Law, unless approved by the other party hereto in advance, it will
not  issue  any  press  release  or  written  statement  for general circulation
relating  to  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  As  to  any  disclosure
obligation  imposed by Applicable Law, it will deliver to the other party a copy
of such press release or written notice as soon as practicable and in any event,
prior  to  its  issuance.

     (G)     GOVERNMENTAL  COMMUNICATIONS.  It  shall promptly furnish the other
             -----------------------------
party  with  copies  of  written  communications  received  by it, or any of its
respective  Subsidiaries  or  Affiliates,  from,  or  delivered  by  any  of the
foregoing  to, any governmental body or agency in connection with or material to
the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.

     (H)     SHARING  OF  INFORMATION.
             -------------------------

          (1)     Upon  reasonable  notice,  Seller  shall (and shall cause each
     Seller  Subsidiary  to)  afford FHNC, and its officers, employees, counsel,
     accountants  and  other  authorized  representatives  (collectively,  "FHNC
     Agents")  access, during normal business hours, to all of Seller's and each
     Seller  Subsidiary's properties, books, contracts, tax returns, commitments
     and  records;  Seller  shall enable the FHNC Agents to discuss its business
     affairs,  condition  (financial and otherwise), assets and liabilities with
     such third Persons, including, without limitation, its directors, officers,
     employees,  accountants and counsel, as the other party considers necessary
     or  appropriate.  Seller  shall  and  shall cause each Seller Subsidiary to
     furnish  promptly  to  FHNC  (a)  a copy of each report, schedule and other
     document  filed  by  it  pursuant  to  the requirements of federal or state
     securities  or  banking  laws  since  December  31, 2002, and (b) all other
     information  concerning its business, properties and personnel as the other
     party  hereto  may  reasonably  request,  provided  that  no  investigation
     pursuant  to  this  Article  shall  affect  or  be  deemed  to  modify  any
     representation or warranty made by, or the conditions to the obligations to
     consummate  this  Agreement  of,  the  other  party  hereto.

          (2)     Seller  will,  upon request, furnish FHNC with all information
     concerning  Seller,  the Seller Subsidiaries, directors, officers, partners
     and  shareholders  and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or
     advisable  in  connection  with  the  Proxy  Statement/Prospectus,  the
     Registration  Statement or any other statement or application made by or on
     behalf  of  FHNC,  Seller  or  any  of their respective Subsidiaries to any
     governmental  body  or  agency in connection with or material to the Merger
     and  the  other  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement.


                                       19
<PAGE>
          (3)     FHNC  will  not  use any information obtained pursuant to this
     Section  for  any purpose unrelated to the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and, if the transaction contemplated by this
     Agreement  is not consummated, FHNC will hold all information and documents
     obtained  pursuant to this Article in confidence unless and until such time
     as  such information or documents otherwise become publicly available or as
     FHNC  is  advised  by  counsel  that  any  such  information or document is
     required  by  Applicable  Law  to  be  disclosed,  and  in the event of the
     termination  of  this  Agreement, it will deliver to the other party hereto
     all  documents so obtained by it and any copies thereof. In the exercise of
     its  rights  pursuant to this Agreement, FHNC shall use its best efforts to
     minimize  disruption  to  Seller's  business  operations  and  the business
     operations  of  the  Seller  Subsidiaries.

     (I)     NO SOLICITATION.  Neither Seller nor any of Seller Subsidiary shall
             ----------------
solicit  or  knowingly  encourage  inquiries  or  proposals with respect to, or,
subject  to  the  fiduciary  duties  of  its  directors, furnish any information
relating  to  or  participate in any negotiations or discussions concerning, any
acquisition  or  purchase  of  all  or a material portion of its assets (whether
owned by Seller directly or owned by any Seller Subsidiary), or of a substantial
equity  interest in Seller or any business combination with Seller or any Seller
Subsidiary  other  than  as  contemplated  by  this  Agreement, and Seller shall
instruct its officers, directors, agents, advisors and affiliates to comply with
the above.  Seller agrees that it shall notify FHNC immediately if any inquiries
or  proposals as described in this Article are received by, any such information
is  requested  from,  or  any  such negotiations or discussions are sought to be
initiated  with,  Seller  or  any  Seller  Subsidiary.

     (J)     BREACHES.  It  shall  notify  the other party hereto as promptly as
             ---------
practicable  of  (1)  any  breach  of  any of its representations, warranties or
agreements  contained herein that could have a Material Adverse Effect and as to
representations,  warranties  or  agreements  contained  herein  which  do  not
specifically  refer  to Material Adverse Effect, of any material breach thereof,
and  (2)  any  change  in  its  condition  (financial or otherwise), properties,
business,  results of operations or prospects that could have a Material Adverse
Effect.

     (K)     REGULATORY  FILINGS.
             --------------------

          (1)     Each  party  shall  cooperate  and  use  its  best  efforts to
     promptly  prepare  and  file  all  necessary  documentation,  to effect all
     necessary  applications,  notices,  petitions, filings and other documents,
     and to obtain all necessary permits, consents, approvals and authorizations
     of all third parties and governmental bodies or agencies, including, in the
     case of FHNC, submission of applications for approval of this Agreement and
     the  transactions  contemplated  hereby to the Federal Reserve, to the OCC,
     and  to  such  other  Regulatory Authorities as required by Applicable Law.

          (2)     Each  party  shall  (1)  permit the other to review in advance
     and,  to  the  extent practicable, will consult with the other party on all
     characterizations of the information relating to the other party and any of
     its  respective  Subsidiaries,  which  appear  in  any filing made with, or
     written materials submitted to, any third party or any governmental body or
     agency  in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
     and  (2)  consult  with  the  other with respect to obtaining all necessary
     permits,


                                       20
<PAGE>
     consents,  approvals  and  authorizations  of  all  third  parties  and
     governmental  bodies  or  agencies necessary or advisable to consummate the
     transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement and will keep the other party
     apprised  of  the  status  of  matters  relating  to  completion  of  the
     transactions  contemplated  herein.

     (L)     ACCOUNTING  MODIFICATIONS.  Prior  to  the  Effective  Time, Seller
             --------------------------
shall,  consistent  with  GAAP,  modify  and  change  its  and  each  of  Seller
Subsidiary's  loan,  litigation and real estate valuation policies and practices
(including  loan  classifications  and  levels  of reserves) so as to be applied
consistently  on  a  mutually  satisfactory  basis with those of FHNC; provided,
however,  that Seller shall not be obligated to take any such action pursuant to
this  Article  unless  and  until  FHNC  acknowledges that all conditions to its
obligation  to  consummate  the  Merger  have  been  satisfied.

     (M)     INDEMNIFICATION.
             ----------------

          (1)     In  the event of any threatened or actual claim, action, suit,
     proceeding  or  investigation,  whether civil or administrative, including,
     without  limitation,  any  such  claim,  action,  suit,  proceeding  or
     investigation in which any Person who is now, or has been at any time prior
     to the date hereof, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director,
     officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of Seller or any of Seller Subsidiary
     (the  "Indemnified Parties") is, or is threatened to be, made a party based
     in  whole  or  in  part  on,  or  arising  in  whole  or in part out of, or
     pertaining  to,  this  Agreement,  or  any of the transactions contemplated
     hereby  or thereby, whether in any case asserted or arising before or after
     the  Effective  Time,  the  parties hereto agree to cooperate and use their
     best  efforts  to  defend against and respond thereto. It is understood and
     agreed  that  FHNC shall indemnify and hold harmless, as and to the fullest
     extent permitted by Applicable Law, each such Indemnified Party against any
     losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including reasonable
     attorneys'  fees  and  expenses),  judgments,  fines  and  amounts  paid in
     settlement  in connection with any such threatened or actual claim, action,
     suit,  proceeding or investigation, and in the event of any such threatened
     or  actual  claim,  action,  suit,  proceeding  or  investigation  (whether
     asserted  or  arising  before  or  after  the  Effective  Time).

          (2)     FHNC shall pay expenses in advance of the final disposition of
     any  claim,  suit, proceeding or investigation to each Indemnified Party to
     the  fullest  extent  permitted  by  Applicable  Law  upon  receipt  of any
     undertaking  required by Applicable Law. The Indemnified Parties may retain
     one firm of counsel satisfactory to them, and FHNC shall pay all reasonable
     fees  and  expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties promptly as
     statements therefor are received; provided, however, that in the event that
                                       --------  -------
     the  defendants  in,  or  targets  of, any such threatened or actual claim,
     action, suit, proceeding or investigation include more than one Indemnified
     Party,  and  any Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded based on
     the  opinion  of  its  own  counsel,  that  there  may be one or more legal
     defenses  available  to  it  or  to  another Indemnified Party which are in
     conflict  with  those  available  to  FHNC, Seller or any other Indemnified
     Party, then such Indemnified Party may employ separate counsel to represent
     or  defend  it  or  any  other  Person  entitled  to  indemnification  and
     reimbursement  hereunder  with  respect  to  any  such claim, action, suit,
     proceeding  or  investigation  in  which  it  or  such  other  Person  may


                                       21
<PAGE>
     become  involved or is named as defendant and FHNC shall pay the reasonable
     fees  and  expenses  of  such  counsel.

          (3)     FHNC  will  use  its  best  efforts  to assist in the vigorous
     defense  of any such matter, provided that FHNC shall not be liable for any
                                  -------- ----
     settlement  effected without its prior written consent (which consent shall
     not be unreasonably withheld), and provided further that FHNC shall have no
                                        -------- -------
     obligation  hereunder  to  any  Indemnified  Party  when  and if a court of
     competent  jurisdiction  shall ultimately determine, and such determination
     shall  have  become  final and non-appealable, that indemnification of such
     Indemnified  Party  in  the  manner  contemplated  hereby  is prohibited by
     Applicable  Law  and  in  such  event  FHNC  shall  be  reimbursed  by such
     Indemnified  Party  for  all  expenses  advanced  on  its  behalf  by FHNC.

          (4)     Any  Indemnified  Party wishing to claim indemnification under
     this  Article  upon learning of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or
     investigation,  shall  notify FHNC thereof, provided that the failure to so
                                                 --------
     notify  shall  not affect the obligations of FHNC under this Article except
     to  the  extent  such  failure  to  notify  materially  prejudices  FHNC.

          (5)     Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  no  indemnification shall be
     provided  the  Indemnified  Parties  hereunder  if the claim, action, suit,
     proceeding  or  investigation  arises,  in  whole  or  in  part, out of any
     material  misrepresentation  contained in this Agreement or material breach
     of  covenants,  representations, warranties or agreements contained in this
     Agreement  by  Seller  or  any  Indemnified  Party.

          (6)     FHNC  and  Seller agree that all rights to indemnification and
     all  limitations  of liability existing in favor of the Indemnified Parties
     as  provided  in  Seller's articles of incorporation or by-laws, or similar
     governing  documents of any of its Subsidiaries as in effect as of the date
     hereof  with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time shall
     survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect, without any
     amendment  thereto,  for a period of not less than three (3) years from the
     Effective  Time,  provided,  however, that all rights to indemnification in
     respect  of  any  claim  asserted or made within such period shall continue
     until  the  final  disposition  of  such  claim.

          (7)     This  Article  is  intended to benefit the Indemnified Parties
     and  shall  be  binding  on  all  successors  and  assigns  of  FHNC.

          (8)     In  the  event  FHNC  or  any of its successors or assigns (i)
     consolidates  with  or  merges  into  any other Person and shall not be the
     continuing  or  surviving  corporation  or  entity of such consolidation or
     merger,  or  (ii)  transfers  or  conveys  all  or substantially all of its
     properties  and  assets  to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper
     provision  shall  be made so that the successors and assigns of FHNC assume
     the  obligations  set  forth  in  this  Article.

     (N)     SELLER AFFILIATES.  Seller shall use its best efforts to cause each
             ------------------
Person  who  is on the date hereof an Affiliate of Seller to execute and deliver
to  FHNC  the  written undertakings in substantially the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT  C  on  the  date  this  Agreement  is  executed  and


                                       22
<PAGE>
shall use its best efforts to cause any other Person who subsequently becomes an
Affiliate  of  Seller  to execute and deliver such written undertakings prior to
the  Effective  Date.

     (O)     NO  ADVERSE ACTION.  Neither party shall take or agree or commit to
             -------------------
take  any action which would cause it to be unable to consummate the Merger with
reasonable  dispatch,  unless  such action, agreement or commitment is otherwise
required  by  Applicable  Law.  Neither  party  shall  take  any  action  unless
otherwise required by Applicable Law, that would materially adversely affect the
ability  of  either  party  or  any  Seller  Subsidiary  to obtain any necessary
approval  of  Regulatory Authorities required for the consummation of the Merger
without  imposition  of  a  condition  or restriction of the type referred to in
Article  VI(A)(3).

     (P)     EMPLOYEE  BENEFIT  PLANS.  At  the  request  of  FHNC, Seller shall
             -------------------------
terminate, or shall cause any Seller Subsidiary to terminate, each or any of the
"employee  benefit  plans"  as  described in Article III(T) before the Effective
Time,  and  all  liabilities  of  such  plans  shall  be  satisfied, or adequate
provision  made  therefore,  before  the  Effective  Time.

     (Q)     EXISTING EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS.  FHNC acknowledges the existence of
             -------------------------------
employment  agreements  between  Seller  and/or  Seller  Bank  and  each  of the
following executives: Steve Chatham, John D. Fasick, Kathy Hulsey, John F. Hall,
and  J.  Michael  Womble.  Seller agrees to cause the Agreements with J. Michael
Womble, John F. Hall, Steve Chatham, and Kathy Hulsey to be terminated as of the
Effective  Time.  FHNC  affirms that, by reason of the transactions contemplated
by  this Agreement, FHNC and/or FTB shall become successors to Seller and Seller
Bank,  as applicable, as parties to the employment agreement with John D. Fasick
and are bound by the duties and obligations of Seller and Seller Bank under such
employment  agreement  to  the  extent such duties and obligations have not been
discharged  prior to the Effective Time.  In consideration of the termination of
the  employment  agreement with J. Michael Womble, FHNC shall pay $50,000 to Mr.
Womble,  with  payment  to  be  delivered  in immediately available funds on the
Effective  Date.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                           CONDITIONS TO CONSUMMATION

     (A)     The  respective obligations of FHNC and Seller to effect the Merger
shall  be  subject  to  the  satisfaction  prior  to  the  Effective Time of the
following  conditions:

          (1)     This  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
     have  been  approved by the requisite vote of the shareholders of Seller in
     accordance  with  Applicable  Law;

          (2)     The  procurement  of  approval  of  this  Agreement  and  the
     transactions contemplated hereby by the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC, and
     the  expiration  of  any  statutory  waiting  periods;

          (3)     Procurement  of  all  other  regulatory consents and approvals
     (including,  without  limitation,  any  required consents or approvals from
     state  banking  authorities) which are necessary to the consummation of the
     transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement; provided, however, that no
     approval  or  consent in Article V(A)(2) and (A)(3) shall be deemed to have
     been  received  if  it  shall  include  any  conditions  or  requirements


                                       23
<PAGE>
     which  would reduce the benefits of the transactions contemplated hereby to
     such a degree that FHNC would not have entered into this Agreement had such
     conditions  or  requirements  been  known  at  the  date  hereof;

          (4)     On  the  date  of approval of this Agreement by its directors,
     Seller  shall  have received the opinion of Burke Capital Group, L.L.C., to
     the  effect  that in the opinion of such firm, the terms of the transaction
     are  fair  to  the  shareholders  of Seller from a financial point of view;

          (5)     The  satisfaction  of  all  other  requirements  prescribed by
     Applicable  Law which are necessary to the consummation of the transactions
     contemplated  by  this  Agreement;

          (6)     No  party  hereto  shall  be  subject  to any order, decree or
     injunction  of a court or agency of competent jurisdiction which enjoins or
     prohibits  the  consummation  of  the  Merger;

          (7)     No  statute,  rule,  regulation,  order,  injunction or decree
     shall  have  been  enacted,  entered,  promulgated  or  enforced  by  any
     governmental  authority  which  prohibits,  restricts  or  makes  illegal
     consummation  of  the  Merger  or which imposes restrictions, conditions or
     requirements  on consummation of the Merger which would reduce the benefits
     of  the  Merger to such a degree that FHNC or Seller would not have entered
     into  this  Agreement had such conditions or requirements been known at the
     date  hereof;

          (8)     The  Registration Statement shall have become effective and no
     stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall
     have  been  issued  and  no  proceedings  for  that purpose shall have been
     initiated  or  threatened  by  the  SEC;  and

          (9)     FHNC's legal counsel shall have delivered its opinion dated as
     of  the  Effective  Date, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of
     facts,  representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion which are
     consistent  with  the  state  of  facts existing at the Effective Time, the
     Merger  will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
     within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and that, accordingly: (i)
     no  gain  or  loss  will be recognized by FHNC or Seller as a result of the
     Merger,  (ii)  no  gain  or  loss will be recognized by the shareholders of
     Seller  who  exchange their shares of Seller Common Stock solely for shares
     of  FHNC  Common  Stock pursuant to the Merger (except with respect to cash
     received  in  lieu  of  a  fractional share interest in FHNC Common Stock);
     (iii)  the  tax  basis  of  the  shares  of  FHNC  Common Stock received by
     shareholders who exchange all of their shares of Seller Common Stock solely
     for  shares  of FHNC Common Stock in the Merger will be the same as the tax
     basis of the shares of Seller Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor
     (reduced  by  any amount allocable to a fractional share interest for which
     cash is received); and (iv) the holding period of the shares of FHNC Common
     Stock  received  in  the  Merger  will  include the period during which the
     shares  of  Seller Common Stock surrendered in exchange therefor were held,
     provided  such shares of Seller Common Stock were held as capital assets at


                                       24
<PAGE>
     the  Effective  Time.  In  rendering  such opinion, counsel may require and
     rely  upon representations contained in certificates of officers of Seller,
     FHNC  and  others.

     (B)     The obligation of FHNC to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
satisfaction prior to the Effective Time of the following additional conditions:

          (1)     FHNC  and its directors and officers who sign the Registration
     Statement  shall  have  received from Seller's independent certified public
     accountants  "cold  comfort"  letters, dated (i) the date of the mailing of
     the  Proxy  Statement/Prospectus  to Seller's shareholders and (ii) shortly
     prior  to the Effective Date, with respect to certain financial information
     regarding Seller in the form customarily issued by such accountants at such
     time  in  transactions  of  this  type;

          (2)     FHNC shall have received an opinion, dated the Effective Date,
     of  Seller's  counsel in the form and to the effect customarily received in
     transactions  of  this  type;

          (3)     Each  of  the  representations,  warranties  and  covenants
     contained  herein  of  Seller,  subject  to the Seller Disclosure Letter of
     Seller  provided  pursuant  to Article III, shall, in all respects, be true
     on,  or complied with by, the Effective Date as if made on such date (or on
     the  date  when  made  in  the case of any representation or warranty which
     specifically  relates  to  an  earlier  date) except (y) for breaches which
     singly  or  in  the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and
     (z)  as  to  representations,  warranties  or covenants contained herein of
     Seller  which  do  not  specifically  refer to Material Adverse Effect, for
     breaches  which are not material and FHNC shall have received a certificate
     signed by a duly authorized officer of Seller, dated the Effective Date, to
     such  effect;

          (4)     FHNC  shall  have received all state securities laws and "Blue
     Sky"  permits  and  other  authorizations  necessary  to  consummate  the
     transactions  contemplated  hereby;

          (5)     FHNC shall have received a Consulting Agreement executed by J.
     Michael  Womble  in  the  form  attached  to  this  Agreement as EXHIBIT E;

          (6)     FHNC  shall  have received an Employment Agreement executed by
     John  F. Hall, Steve Chatham, and Kathy Hulsey in the form attached to this
     Agreement  as  EXHIBIT  D;

          (7)     FHNC  shall  have received a Non Compete Agreement executed by
     each  of the directors of Seller, in the form attached to this Agreement as
     EXHIBIT  F;

          (8)     No  litigation  or  proceeding  is  pending which (i) has been
     brought  against  FHNC  or  Seller  or  any  of  their  subsidiaries by any
     governmental  agency  seeking  to  prevent consummation of the transactions
     contemplated  hereby or (ii) has been brought against Seller or Seller Bank
     which  in  the  reasonable  judgement  of  management  will have a Material
     Adverse  Effect  on  Seller  or  Seller  Bank;


                                       25
<PAGE>
          (9)     Each  Seller  Affiliate  who  elects Stock Consideration shall
     have  delivered to FHNC a written agreement reasonably satisfactory to FHNC
     regarding  restrictions on the subsequent transfer of shares of FHNC Common
     Stock;  and

          (10)     On  the  Effective  Date, Seller's shareholders' equity shall
     not  be  less  than  $12,000,000,  (calculated without giving effect to (i)
     unrecognized gains or losses on "available for sale" securities as provided
     in  FASB 115 and consistent with Seller's prior practices, (ii) Transaction
     Expenses,  and  (iii)  other expenses or obligations incurred in connection
     with  the  Merger, including, but not limited to, accrual for or payment of
     severance  benefits,  prepayment  of  certain  employee  benefits and other
     transactions  or  expenses  approved  by  FHNC).

     (C)     The  obligation  of Seller to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the  satisfaction  or  prior  to  the Effective Time of the following additional
conditions:

          (1)     Seller  shall  have  received  an opinion, dated the Effective
     Date,  of FHNC's counsel in the form and to the effect customarily received
     in  transactions  of  this  type;

          (2)     Each  of  the  representations,  warranties  and  covenants
     contained  herein  of  FHNC shall, in all respects, be true on, or complied
     with  by,  the  Effective Date as if made on such date (or on the date when
     made  in  the  case  of  any  representation or warranty which specifically
     relates  to an earlier date) except (y) for breaches which singly or in the
     aggregate  would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect  and  (z)  as  to
     representations,  warranties or covenants contained herein of FHNC which do
     not  specifically  refer to Material Adverse Effect, for breaches which are
     not  material and Seller shall have received a certificate signed by a duly
     authorized  officer  of FHNC, dated the Effective Date, to such effect; and

          (3)     No  litigation  or  proceeding  is  pending which (i) has been
     brought  against  FHNC  or  Seller  or  any  of  their  subsidiaries by any
     governmental  agency,  seeking  to prevent consummation of the transactions
     contemplated  hereby  or  (ii) in the reasonable judgment of the management
     will  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect  on  FHNC.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   TERMINATION

     (A)     This  Agreement  may  be  terminated  prior  to the Effective Date,
either  before  or  after  its  approval  by  the  Seller  Shareholders:

          (1)     By  the  mutual  consent  of  FHNC  and  Seller;

          (2)     By  FHNC  or  Seller,  in  the  event  of  the  failure of the
     shareholders  of  Seller to approve this Agreement by the requisite vote at
     its  meeting  called to consider such approval, or in the event of a breach
     by  the  other  party  hereto  of any representation, warranty or agreement
     contained  herein  which  is  not cured or not curable within 60 days after
     written  notice of such breach is given to the party committing such breach
     by  the  other  party hereto which have or will have had a Material Adverse
     Effect  on  the  breaching  party;


                                       26
<PAGE>
          (3)     By  FHNC  or  Seller,  in  the  event  that  the Merger is not
     consummated  by  September 30, 2005, unless the failure to so consummate by
     such  time  is  due to the breach of this Agreement by the party seeking to
     terminate;

          (4)     By  FHNC, if its board of directors so determines by vote of a
     majority  of  the  members  of  its  entire board, if the FHNC Common Stock
     Average  Price  is  less  than $38.50 per share by written notice to Seller
     delivered  within  three  (3)  Business  Days  after  the  last  day of the
     Calculation  Period;  or

          (5)     By  Seller, if its board of directors so determines by vote of
     a  majority  of  the  members of its entire board, if the FHNC Common Stock
     Average  Price  is  greater  than  $45.50, by written notice to FHNC within
     three  (3)  Business  Days  after  the  last day of the Calculation Period.

     (B)     In the event of the termination of this Agreement by either FHNC or
Seller, as provided above, this Agreement shall thereafter become void and there
shall  be  no  liability  on  the  part  of any party hereto or their respective
officers  or  directors,  except  that  any  such  termination  shall be without
prejudice to the rights of any party hereto arising out of the willful breach by
any  other  party of any covenant or willful misrepresentation contained in this
Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  OTHER MATTERS

     (A)     Certain  Definitions.  As  used  in  this  Agreement, the following
             --------------------
terms  shall  have  the  meanings  indicated except where otherwise specifically
defined:

          (1)      "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any Person who
     directly,  or  indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
     controlled  by,  or  is under common control with, such Person and, without
     limiting the generality of the foregoing, includes any executive officer or
     director  of  such  Person  and  any Affiliate of such executive officer or
     director.

          (2)     "Agreement"  means  this  agreement  and  all  exhibits  and
     schedules  hereto,  as  the  same  may  from  time  to  time  be amended or
     supplemented  by  one  or  more  instruments executed by all of the parties
     hereto.

          (3)     "Applicable  Law"  means any applicable constitution, statute,
     regulation,  rule,  injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or
     other  restriction  of  any  government,  governmental agency, court, stock
     exchange,  or  other  Regulatory  Authority  to  which a Person is subject.

          (4)     "Bank  Merger"  has  the  meaning set forth in Article I(H) of
     this  Agreement.

          (5)     "BHCA" means the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.


                                       27
<PAGE>
          (6)     "Business  Day"  means a day on which FTB is open for business
     and  which  is  not  a  Saturday,  Sunday,  or  legal  bank  holiday.

          (7)     "Calculation  Period"  has  the  meaning  set forth in Article
     I(C)(2)  of  this  Agreement.

          (8)     "Cash  Cap"  has  the  meaning set forth in Article I(C)(3) of
     this  Agreement.

          (9)     "Cash  Consideration"  means  the  cash  to  be paid to Seller
     Shareholders  in consideration of the Merger, calculated in accordance with
     Article  I  of  this  Agreement.

          (10)     "Cash  Election  Shares" has the meaning set forth in Article
     I(D)(5).

          (11)     "Cash Threshold" has the meaning set forth in Article I(C)(3)
     of  this  Agreement.

          (12)     "Certificate"  has  the  meaning set forth in Article I(G) of
     this  Agreement.

          (13)     "Code"  means  the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

          (14)     "Combination  Election"  has the meaning set forth in Article
     I(D)(4)  of  this  Agreement.

          (15)     "Conversion  Price"  has  the  meaning  set  forth in Article
     I(C)(2)  of  this  Agreement.

          (16)     "Dissenting  Shareholder"  means a Seller Shareholder who has
     voted  against  the  Merger  and has otherwise taken all requisite steps to
     demand  fair  value  in  exchange  for  such shareholder's shares of Seller
     Common  Stock  in  accordance  with  Applicable  Law.

          (17)     "Effective  Date"  means the date in which the Merger becomes
     effective,  as  set  forth  in  Article  I(B)  of  this  Agreement.

          (18)     "Election  Deadline"  has  the  meaning  set forth in Article
     I(D)(2)  of  this  Agreement.

          (19)     "Effective  Time"  means the time in which the Merger becomes
     effective,  as  set  forth  in  Article  I(B)  of  this  Agreement.

          (20)     "Encumbrance"  means  any  lien,  pledge,  security interest,
     claim,  charge,  easement, restriction or encumbrance of any kind or nature
     whatsoever.

          (21)     "Environmental  Laws"  means  all  federal,  state, local and
     foreign  statutes,  regulations, ordinances and other provisions having the
     force  or  effect  of  law,  all  judicial  and  administrative  orders and
     determinations,  all  contractual obligations and all common law concerning
     public  health  and  safety,  worker  health  and  safety, and pollution or
     protection  of  the  environment,  including  without  limitation all those
     relating  to  the


                                       28
<PAGE>
     presence, use, production, generation, handling, transportation, treatment,
     storage,  disposal, distribution, labeling, testing, processing, discharge,
     release,  threatened  release,  control,  or  cleanup  of  any  hazardous
     materials,  substances  or  wastes,  chemical  substances  or  mixtures,
     pesticides,  pollutants,  contaminants, toxic chemicals, petroleum products
     or  byproducts,  asbestos, radon, mold, polychlorinated biphenyls, noise or
     radiation,  each as amended and as now or hereafter in effect and which the
     Seller  is  bound  to  observe  on  or  before  the  Effective  Date.

          (22)     "ERISA"  means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
     1974,  as  amended.

          (23)     "Exchange  Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended,  and  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  from time to time
     thereunder.

          (24)     "Exchange Agent" has the meaning set forth in Article I(G)(1)
     of  this  Agreement.

          (25)     "Federal Reserve" means the Board of Governors of the Federal
     Reserve  System.

          (26)     "FHNC"  means First Horizon National Corporation, a Tennessee
     corporation,  its  successors  and  permitted  assigns.

          (27)     "FHNC Agents" has the meaning set forth in Article V(H)(1) of
     this  Agreement.

          (28)     "FHNC Common Stock" means the common stock of FHNC, par value
     $.625  per  share.

          (29)     "FHNC  Common  Stock Average Price" has the meaning set forth
     in  Article  I(C)(3).

          (30)     "FHNC  Reports" has the meaning set forth in Article IV(F) of
     this  Agreement.

          (31)     "FDIC"  means  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation.

          (32)     "Form  of  Election" means a form designed for the purpose of
     each  Seller  Shareholder  electing  either  Cash  Consideration  or  Stock
     Consideration,  prepared  by  FHNC  and  reasonably  acceptable  to Seller.

          (33)     "FTB"  means  First  Tennessee  Bank  National Association, a
     national  banking  association,  its  successors  and  permitted  assigns.

          (34)     "GAAP"  means  generally accepted accounting principles as in
     effect  at  the  relevant  date  and  consistently  applied.


                                       29
<PAGE>
          (35)     "Indemnified  Parties"  has  the meaning set forth in Article
     V(M)  of  this  Agreement.

          (36)     "Insurance  Policies"  has  the  meaning set forth in Article
     III(L)  of  this  Agreement.

          (37)     "Intellectual  Property"  means  (a)  all trademarks, service
     marks,  trade  dress, logos, trade names, corporate names, any domain names
     related  to  the  business  conducted  by  the  Seller  and  the  Seller
     Subsidiaries,  and  assumed  names  together  with  all  translations,
     adaptations,  derivations,  and  combinations  thereof  and  including  all
     goodwill  associated  therewith,  and  all applications, registrations, and
     renewals  in  connection  therewith,  (b)  all  trade  secrets and business
     information  (including  ideas,  customer  and  supplier lists, promotional
     materials,  pricing  and cost information, and business and marketing plans
     and  proposals),  and  business  records  including  electronic and written
     communications  concerning  any  negotiations  with  respect  to  Seller's
     business.  (c) all rights in and to computer software (including object and
     source  codes, data and related documentation), and (d) all rights relating
     to any of the foregoing that are attributable to the business of Seller and
     the  Seller  Subsidiaries.

          (38)     "Knowledge"  with  respect  to  Seller,  means  the  actual
     knowledge  of  J.  Michael  Womble,  John F. Hall, Steve Chatham, and Kathy
     Hulsey,  after reasonable inquiry, which inquiry need not rise to the level
     that  might  alert  employees  as  to  the  nature of this Agreement or the
     Merger.

          (39)     "Loan  Portfolio Properties and Other Properties Owned" means
     those  properties  owned  or  operated  by  Seller or any Seller Subsidiary
     including  properties  owned or operated in a fiduciary capacity, including
     properties  owned  or  operated  in  a  fiduciary  capacity.

          (40)     "Material  Adverse  Effect,"  with respect to a Person, means
     any  condition,  event,  change  or  occurrence  that,  individually  or
     collectively,  is  reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect upon
     (x) the condition, financial or otherwise, properties, business, results of
     operations  or  prospects  of  such Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a
     whole,  or (y) the ability of such Person to perform its obligations under,
     and  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by,  this  Agreement;
     provided, however, that as to all representations, warranties and covenants
     of  Seller,  a Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred if the actual or
     reasonably  projected  costs  of  all  losses,  fines,  penalties, costs or
     expenses  (including  attorneys'  fees)  as  a  result  of  any one or more
     breaches  of such representations, warranties and covenants exceed $500,000
     in  the  aggregate.

          (41)     "Material  Contracts"  has  the  meaning  set  forth  in Item
     601(b)(10)  of  Regulation  SK  of  the  Securities  Act.

          (42)     "Merger"  has  the  meaning  set  forth in Section (A) of the
     Recitals  to  this  Agreement.


                                       30
<PAGE>
          (43)     "Merger  Consideration"  means  the  aggregate  of  the  Cash
     Consideration  and  Stock  Consideration paid to the Seller Shareholders in
     accordance  with  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Agreement

          (44)     "NYSE"  means  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange.

          (45)     "OCC"  means  the  Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

          (46)     "Person"  includes  an  individual, corporation, partnership,
     limited  liability  company,  association,  trust  or  unincorporated
     organization.

          (47)     "Price  Per  Share"  has  the  meaning  set  forth in Article
     I(C)(1)  of  this  Agreement.

          (48)     "Proxy  Statement/Prospectus"  means  the  proxy
     statement/prospectus,  together  with  any  supplements  thereto,  to  be
     transmitted  to  Seller  Shareholders  in  connection with the transactions
     contemplated  by  this  Agreement.

          (49)     "Registration  Statement" means the Registration Statement on
     Form  S-4,  or  other  applicable  form,  including  any  pre-effective  or
     post-effective  amendments  or  supplements  thereto, as filed with the SEC
     under  the  Securities  Act  with  respect to the Stock Consideration to be
     issued  in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          (50)     "Regulatory  Authority" means any agency or department of any
     federal or state government, including without limitation the Office of the
     Comptroller  of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
     System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Tennessee Department
     of  Financial  Institutions,  the  SEC  or  the  respective staffs thereof.

          (51)     "Representative" has the meaning set forth in Article I(D)(1)
     of  this  Agreement.

          (52)     "Required Regulatory Approval" means the approval required by
     the  Federal  Reserve  and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to
     consummate  this  transaction.

          (53)     "Rights"  means  warrants,  options,  rights,  convertible
     securities  and  other capital stock equivalents that obligate an entity to
     issue  its  securities.

          (54)     "SEC"  means  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.

          (55)     "Securities  Act"  means  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  as
     amended,  and  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  from time to time
     thereunder.

          (56)     "Seller" means West Metro Financial Services, Inc., a Georgia
     corporation,  its  successors  and  permitted  assigns.


                                       31
<PAGE>
          (57)     "Seller  Bank"  means  First  National  Bank  West  Metro,  a
     national  bank  association.

          (58)      "Seller  Common  Stock"  means  the  common stock, par value
     $1.00  per  share,  of  Seller.

          (59)     "Seller  Disclosure  Letter"  means  the  letter  prepared by
     Seller  and delivered to FHNC on the date of this Agreement which discloses
     information  required  by  (and exceptions to) Seller's representations and
     warranties  set  forth  in  Article  III  of  this  Agreement.

          (60)     "Seller  Reports" has the meaning set forth in Article III(H)
     of  this  Agreement.

          (61)     "Seller  Shareholders"  means  the  equity  owners of Seller.

          (62)     "Stock  Consideration"  means the shares of FHNC Common Stock
     to  be  paid  to  Seller  Shareholders  in  consideration  of  the  Merger,
     calculated  in  accordance  with  Article  I  of  this  Agreement.

          (63)     "Stock  Election Shares" has the meaning set forth in Article
     I(D)(5)  of  this  Agreement.

          (64)     "Subsidiary"  means  any  corporation,  50%  or  more  of the
     capital  stock of which is owned, either directly or indirectly, by another
     entity,  except  any  corporation the stock of which is held as security by
     either  FTB  or  Seller Bank, as the case may be, in the ordinary course of
     its  lending  activities.

          (65)     "Surviving Corporation" means FHNC at and after the Effective
     Time.

          (66)     "Transaction  Expenses"  has the meaning set forth in Article
     VIII(F)  of  this  Agreement.

     (B)     Survival.  The  agreements  and  covenants  of the parties which by
             --------
their terms apply in whole or in part after the Effective Time shall survive the
Effective Date.  All other representations, warranties, agreements and covenants
shall  be  deemed  to  be conditions of this Agreement and shall not survive the
Effective  Date.

     (C)     Amendment;  Modification; Waiver.  Prior to the Effective Date, any
             --------------------------------
provision  of  this  Agreement  may  be (i) waived by the party benefited by the
provision  or by both parties or (ii) amended or modified at any time (including
the structure of the transaction) by an agreement in writing between the parties
hereto  approved  by their respective boards of directors (to the extent allowed
by  law),  except  that, after the vote by the shareholders of Seller, Article I
(C)  shall  not  be  amended  or  revised.

     (D)     Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in counterparts each
             ------------
of  which  shall  be deemed to constitute an original, but all of which together
shall  constitute  one  and  the  same  instrument.


                                       32
<PAGE>
     (E)     Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by,  and
             --------------
interpreted  in  accordance  with, the laws of the State of Tennessee, except to
the  extent  federal  law  is  applicable.

     (F)     Expenses.  Each  party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by it
             --------
in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the transactions contemplated hereby
including  fees and expenses of its own brokers, finders, financial consultants,
accountants  and  counsel  ("Transaction  Expenses").  Seller  agrees  that  its
Transaction Expenses will not exceed $500,000, unless there is a revision to the
structure  by  FHNC  as  contemplated  by  Article  I(I)  hereinabove.

     (G)     Notices.  All  notices,  requests,  acknowledgements  and  other
             -------
communications  hereunder  to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have  been  duly  given  upon  receipt  if  delivered personally or by overnight
courier,  or  telecopy or mailed by prepaid registered or certified mail (return
receipt  requested),  to such party at its address set forth below or such other
address  as  such  party  may  specify  by  notice  to  the  other party hereto.

     IF TO SELLER, TO:   West Metro Financial Services, Inc.
                         68 First National Drive
                         Dallas, GA  30157
                         Attn:  Mr. J. Michael Womble, Chairman
                         Facsimile:  (678) 363-6334

     With Copies to:     Powell Goldstein, LLP
                         1201 West Peachtree Street, N.E.
                         14th Floor
                         Atlanta, GA 30309
                         Attn:  James C. Wheeler, Esq.
                         Facsimile:  (404) 572-6999

     IF TO FHNC, TO:     First Horizon National Corporation
                         165 Madison
                         Memphis, TN  38103
                         Attn:  Milton A. Gutelius, Jr.
                         Senior Vice President & Treasurer
                         Facsimile: (901) 523-4614

                         First Horizon Home Loan Corporation
                         4000 Horizon Way
                         Irving, TX  75063
                         Attn:  Greg Bullen
                         Facsimile:  (214)441-4799

     With Copies to:     First Horizon National Corporation
                         165 Madison
                         Memphis, TN  38103
                         Attn:  Beth Whitehead
                         Facsimile:  (901)523-4556


                                       33
<PAGE>
                         Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz, PC
                         165 Madison, Suite 2000
                         Memphis, TN  38103
                         Attn:  Jackie Prester
                         Facsimile:  901-577-0762

     (H)     No  Third  Party  Beneficiaries.  All  terms and provisions of this
             -------------------------------
Agreement  shall  be  binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto  and  their  respective  successors  and  assigns.  Except  as  expressly
provided  for  herein,  nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer upon any
other  Person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason
of  this  Agreement.

     (I)     Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  represents  the  entire
             -----------------
understanding  of  the  parties  hereto  with  reference  to  the  transactions
contemplated  hereby and supersedes any and all other oral or written agreements
heretofore  made.

     (J)     Assignment.  This Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto
             ----------
without  the  written  consent  of  the  other  parties.


                                       34
<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed
in  counterparts  by their duly authorized officers as of the day and year first
above  written.

                                             FIRST HORIZON NATIONAL CORPORATION

                                             By: /s/ Milton A. Gutelius, Jr.
                                                --------------------------------
                                                 Milton A. Gutelius, Jr.
                                                 Senior Vice President &
                                                 Treasurer



                                                                            FHNC

                                             WEST METRO FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

                                             By: /s/ J. Michael Womble
                                                --------------------------------

                                             Title:  Chief Executive Officer
                                                   -----------------------------

                                                                          Seller


                                       35
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
