<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                             SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
                           FOR REGULATION S INVESTORS

     This Subscription  Agreement (the "Agreement")  dated as of April 27, 2006,
has been executed by the  undersigned  (the  "Subscriber")  in connection with a
private  offer and sale (the  "Offering")  of shares  (the  "Shares")  of common
stock,  $.0001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"),  of Global  Pharmatech,
Inc., a Delaware  corporation (the "Company"),  at the per Share price listed on
the  signature  page  hereto.  The  Offering is being made in reliance  upon the
provisions of Regulation S  ("Regulation  S")  promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") under the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities  Act").  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, the Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase,  and the Company hereby agrees
to issue  and  sell,  the  Shares.  In  consideration  of the  mutual  promises,
representations  and warranties set forth herein, the Company and the Subscriber
hereby agree as follows:

1. AGREEMENT TO SUBSCRIBE

     1.1 Purchase and Issuance of the Common  Stock.  The  Subscriber  is hereby
subscribing  for the number of shares of Common Stock indicated on the signature
page hereto by the caption,  "Common Stock Being Subscribed" (the  "Subscriber's
Common Stock").

     The price per Share for the  Subscriber's  Common Stock is indicated on the
signature page hereto by the caption,  "Share Consideration (per Share)" ("Share
Consideration").

     Concurrently  with the  execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement  to the
Company, the Subscriber is delivering to the Company at its offices at 89 Ravine
Edge Drive, Richmond Hill, Ontario,  Canada L4E 4J6 this subscription  agreement
and is hereby instructed by the Company to wire transfer to Natural  Pharmatech,
Inc.,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of the  Company,  the  amount  of the  Share
Consideration  multiplied by the Subscriber's Common Stock being subscribed (the
"Purchase  Price").  The Company will not accept  subscriptions from persons who
are not qualified as "accredited investors", as that term is defined in Rule 501
of Regulation D under the Securities Act. Any subscriptions for shares of Common
Stock made by Subscribers  who are not accredited  investors will be returned to
such subscriber without interest.

     1.2 Closing. The closing for the sale of the Shares to the Subscriber shall
take  place at the  offices of the  Company  no later  than April 27,  2006 (the
"Closing"),  or at such other time  and/or  such other  place as the Company may
determine in its sole and  absolute  discretion.  If the Closing  shall not have
occurred by April 27, 2006, the Purchase  Price,  shall be returned  promptly to
the Subscriber without deduction therefrom and without interest thereon.
<PAGE>
2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SUBSCRIBER

     The Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that:

     2.1 No Government  Recommendation or Approval.  The Subscriber  understands
that no United  States  federal or state  agency or similar  agency of any other
country,  has  passed  upon or made any  recommendation  or  endorsement  of the
Company or the Offering of the Shares.

     2.2 Not a "U.S.  Person".  The Subscriber is not a "U.S. Person" as defined
in Rule 902 of  Regulation  S  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act,  was not
organized under the laws of any United States  jurisdiction,  and was not formed
for the purpose of investing in securities not  registered  under the Securities
Act. At the time the purchase order for this  transaction  was  originated,  the
Subscriber was outside the United States.

     2.3 Intent.  The  Subscriber is purchasing the Shares solely for investment
purposes, for the Subscriber's own account and not for the account or benefit of
any U.S.  or other  person,  and not with a view  towards  the  distribution  or
re-transfer  thereof and the Subscriber has no arrangement to sell the Shares to
or through any person or entity. The Subscriber understands that the Shares must
be held  indefinitely  unless  such  Shares  are resold in  accordance  with the
provisions of Regulation S, are subsequently registered under the Securities Act
or an exemption from registration is available.

     2.4  Restrictions on Transfer.  The Subscriber  understands that the Shares
are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United
States within the meaning of the Securities Act.

     The Shares have not been  registered  under the Securities  Act, and, if in
the future the Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer
the Shares, such Shares may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred
only:

     (A)  pursuant  to an  effective  registration  statement  filed  under  the
Securities Act,

     (B) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule
903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S of the Securities Act,

     (C) pursuant to the resale  limitations set forth in Rule 905 of Regulation
S,

     (D) pursuant to an exemption  from  registration  under the  Securities Act
provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available); or

     (E) pursuant to any other exemption from the  registration  requirements of
the  Securities  Act,  and in  each  case  in  accordance  with  any  applicable
securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction.

                                       2
<PAGE>
     The Subscriber  acknowledges,  agrees and covenants that it will not engage
in hedging  transactions  with regard to the Subscriber's  Common Stock prior to
the expiration of the  distribution  compliance  period specified in Rule 903 of
Regulation S promulgated under the Act, unless in compliance with the Securities
Act.

     The  Subscriber  agrees that if any  transfer of its Shares or any interest
therein is proposed to be made, as a condition  precedent to any such  transfer,
the  transferor  may be required to deliver to the Company an opinion of counsel
satisfactory to the Company  relating to compliance  with applicable  securities
laws  and  other  matters.   Absent   registration  or  another  exemption  from
registration,  the  Subscriber  agrees  that it will not resell  the  securities
constituting the Subscriber's  Common Stock to U.S. Persons or within the United
States.

     2.5. Accredited and Sophisticated Investor.

     The Subscriber is familiar with the term  "accredited  investor" as defined
in  Regulation D  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act and is an  "accredited
investor"  within the meaning of such term in Regulation D. The  Subscriber  has
completed the Confidential Investor Questionnaire attached hereto.

     The  Subscriber  is  sophisticated  in  financial  matters  and is  able to
evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Shares.

     The  Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of his  investment in the
Shares for an  indefinite  period of time  because  none of the Shares have been
registered  under  the  Securities  Act and  therefore  cannot  be  sold  unless
subsequently  registered  under the  Securities  Act or an  exemption  from such
registration is available.

     2.6 Independent  Investigation.  The Subscriber,  in making the decision to
purchase the Shares, has relied upon an independent investigation of the Company
and has not relied upon any  information  or  representations  made by any third
parties  or upon any oral or  written  representations  or  assurances  from the
Company,  its officers,  directors or employees or any other  representatives or
agents of the Company, other than as set forth in this Agreement. The Subscriber
is  familiar  with the  business,  operations  and  financial  condition  of the
Company,  has reviewed the Company's  publicly-available  information filed with
the SEC, has had an opportunity  to ask questions of, and receive  answers from,
the Company's  officers and directors  concerning  the Company and the terms and
conditions  of the  offering of the Shares and has had full access to such other
information concerning the Company as the Subscriber has requested.

     2.7  Authority.  This Agreement has been validly  authorized,  executed and
delivered by the Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement  enforceable in
accordance  with its terms,  subject to the general  principles of equity and to
bankruptcy  or  other  laws  affecting  the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights
generally.  The  execution,  delivery and  performance  of this Agreement by the
Subscriber does not and will not conflict with, violate or cause a breach of any
agreement, contract or instrument to which the Subscriber is a party.

                                       3
<PAGE>
     2.8 No Legal Advice from Company.  The Subscriber  acknowledges that he has
had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated
by this Agreement with the Subscriber's own legal counsel and investment and tax
advisors.  Except for any statements or  representations  of the Company made in
this  Agreement,  the  Subscriber is relying solely on such counsel and advisors
and  not on any  statements  or  representations  of the  Company  or any of its
representatives  or agents for legal,  tax or investment  advice with respect to
this  investment,  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  or  the
securities laws of any jurisdiction.

     2.9 Reliance on Representations and Warranties.  The Subscriber understands
that the Shares are being  offered  and sold to the  Subscriber  in  reliance on
specific  provisions of United States federal and state securities laws and that
the  Company  is relying  upon the truth and  accuracy  of the  representations,
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Subscriber set
forth  in this  Agreement  in  order  to  determine  the  applicability  of such
provisions.

     2.10 No Advertisements.  The undersigned is not subscribing for Shares as a
result  of  or  subsequent  to  any  advertisement,  article,  notice  or  other
communication  published  in  any  newspaper,  magazine,  or  similar  media  or
broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting.

     3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company represents and warrants to the Subscriber that:

     3.1 Valid  Issuance  of Capital  Stock.  The total  number of shares of all
classes of capital  stock which the Company has authority to issue is 95,000,000
shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has 18,247,935 shares
of Common  Stock  issued and  outstanding.  All of the issued  shares of capital
stock of the Company have been duly  authorized,  validly issued,  and are fully
paid and non-assessable.

     3.2  Organization  and  Qualification.  The Company is a  corporation  duly
incorporated  and  existing  in good  standing  under  the laws of the  state of
Delaware and has the requisite  corporate power to own its properties and assets
and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

     3.3 Authorization; Enforcement.

     (i) The Company has the  requisite  corporate  power and authority to enter
into and perform its  obligations  under this  Agreement and to issue the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof,
     (ii) the  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of this  Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions  contemplated hereby have

                                       4
<PAGE>
been duly authorized by all necessary  corporate action,  and no further consent
or  authorization  of the Company or its Board of Directors or  stockholders  is
required, and
     (iii) this  Agreement  constitutes  valid and  binding  obligations  of the
Company  enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
such  enforceability  may  be  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
fraudulent conveyance, moratorium,  reorganization, or similar laws relating to,
or affecting  generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and remedies or by
equitable  principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights
to indemnity  and  contribution  may be limited by federal and state  securities
laws or principles of public policy.

     3.4 No Conflicts. To the knowledge of the Company, the execution,  delivery
and  performance  of this Agreement and the  consummation  by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby do not materially

     (i) result in a violation of the  Company's  Articles of  Incorporation  or
By-Laws or
     (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default under any agreement,  indenture
or  instrument  to which the  Company  is a party.  Other  than any SEC or state
securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to
the Closing, and any registration statement which may be filed pursuant thereto,
the  Company  is not  required  under  federal,  state  or  local  law,  rule or
regulation to obtain any consent,  authorization or order of, or make any filing
or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity
in order for it to perform any of its obligations  under this Agreement or issue
the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof.

4. LEGENDS; DENOMINATIONS

     4.1 Legend.  The Company will issue the Shares  purchased by the Subscriber
in the name of the Subscriber and in such  denominations  to be specified by the
Subscriber prior to the Closing.  The Shares will bear the following legend (the
"Legend"), and appropriate "stop transfer" instructions:

            THESE  SECURITIES  HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE
            UNITED STATES  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
            "SECURITIES  ACT"),  AND  THESE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE
            OFFERED,  SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT
            (A)  PURSUANT TO AN  EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
            FILED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT,  (B) TO A  NON-U.S.
            PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE  TRANSACTION  IN ACCORDANCE  WITH
            RULE  903  OR  RULE  904  OF  REGULATION  S  UNDER  THE
            SECURITIES ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE RESALE  LIMITATIONS
            SET  FORTH  IN RULE  905 OF  REGULATIONS  S  UNDER  THE
            SECURITIES  ACT,  (D)  PURSUANT  TO AN  EXEMPTION  FROM
            REGISTRATION  PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES

                                       5
<PAGE>
            ACT  (IF  AVAILABLE)  OR  (E)  PURSUANT  TO  ANY  OTHER
            EXEMPTION  FROM THE  REGISTRATION  REQUIREMENTS  OF THE
            SECURITIES  ACT,  IN EACH CASE IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH ANY
            APPLICABLE  SECURITIES  LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED
            STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.  HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
            INVOLVING THESE  SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS
            IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

     4.2 Subscriber's Compliance.  Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any
way the  Subscriber's  obligations  and agreement to comply with all  applicable
securities laws upon resale of the Shares.

     4.3  Company's  Refusal to Register  Transfer of Shares.  The Company shall
refuse to register  any transfer of the Shares not made in  accordance  with the
provisions  of Regulation  S,  pursuant to an effective  registration  statement
filed under the Securities  Act, or pursuant to an available  exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

     This  Agreement  shall be governed by and construed in accordance  with the
laws of the State of New York.  The parties  hereto  hereby waive any right to a
jury trial in connection with any litigation  pursuant to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.

6. ASSIGNMENT; ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT

     6.1  Assignment.  Neither this  Agreement  nor any rights  hereunder may be
assigned by any party to any other person other than by  Subscriber  to a person
agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof.

     6.2 Entire  Agreement;  Amendment.  This Agreement and any other  documents
delivered  pursuant  hereto  constitute  the full and entire  understanding  and
agreement  between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof,  and no
party  shall be  liable  or  bound  to any  other  party  in any  manner  by any
warranties,  representations  or covenants  except as specifically  set forth in
this Agreement.  Except as expressly  provided in this  Agreement,  neither this
Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended,  waived,  discharged or terminated
other than by a written  instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement
of any such amendment, waiver, discharge, or termination is sought.

                                       6
<PAGE>
7. NOTICES; INDEMNITY

     7.1  Notices.  Unless  otherwise  provided  herein,  any  notice  or  other
communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and
personally  delivered  or sent by  facsimile  with copy sent in  another  manner
herein  provided or sent by courier  (which for all  purposes of this  Agreement
shall include Federal  Express,  UPS or other recognized  overnight  courier) or
mailed to said party by certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address
provided for herein or such other  address as either may designate for itself in
such  notice  to the  other  and  communications  shall be  deemed  to have been
received when  delivered  personally on the scheduled  arrival date when sent by
next day or 2-day  courier  service  or if sent by  facsimile  upon  receipt  of
confirmation  of transmittal  or, if sent by mail, then three days after deposit
in the mail.

     7.2 Indemnification. Each party shall indemnify the other against any loss,
cost or damages (including  reasonable attorney's fees and expenses) incurred as
a result of such party's  breach of any  representation,  warranty,  covenant or
agreement in this Agreement.

8. COUNTERPARTS

     This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be enforceable  against the parties actually  executing such counterparts,
and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

9. SURVIVAL; SEVERABILITY

     The  representations,  warranties,  covenants and agreements of the parties
hereto  shall  survive  the  Closing.  In the event that any  provision  of this
Agreement  becomes or is declared  by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  to be
illegal,  unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect  without said  provision;  provided  that no such  severability  shall be
effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any
party.

10. TITLES AND SUBTITLES

     The titles and subtitles  used in this  Agreement are used for  convenience
only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

11. CHINESE TRANSLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT IS COMPLETE AND ACCURATE


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]

                                       7
<PAGE>
                                         GLOBAL PHARMATECH, INC.


                                         By: /s/ Lianqin Qu
                                            ------------------------------
                                         Name:  Lianqin Qu
                                         Title:  Chairwoman



                                            /s/ Zhenyou Zhang
                                            ------------------------------
                                            (Please sign here)

                                            Zhenyou Zhang
                                            (Please print your name here)

                                       8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
